Superhuman Reflexes +1cs to all Agility and Initiative rolls	A:1;Initiative:1
Triple-Jointed Bone Structure Enhances his Agility by +1cs	A:1;Initiative:1
Bouncing Ball Mn agility & Gd speed	A:Mn;Spd:Gd
White 2 abilities +2cs	Ability Boost
"Yellow 3 abilities +3cs, 2 random powers"	Ability Boost
"Red 4 abilities +3cs, 3 random powers"	Ability Boost
Enhancements While using this force field Blue Shield's stats change as shown above.	Ability Boost
"Learning Program This program allows the Sentinel to gain +1cs against an opponent in all FEATs after fighting that opponent for 3 rounds. Further, the information is relayed back to central computers, such that other Squad O*N*E members are aware of it and gain the CS in future battles. By researching the gathered data, the scientists at Squad O*N*E can manufacture specific countermeasures which can be installed in modified Squad O*N*E Sentinels (removing some other weapon system) for attacking that particular mutant. Modification takes about a week, and can produce mechanical countermeasures of no greater than Mn Strength."	Ability Boost:1
Abilities The Spider-Slayer Mark VII is capable of the following:	Ability Boost:All-1
"Power Boost Given Owen's ability over molecules, he may modify the abilities of himself of others by rearranging available molecules. He may raise any of ths abilities to CL1000, or another person's up to Un in this manner."	Ability Boost:CL1000;Ability Boost:Un
"Ability Boost Galactus can boost any or all-physical abilities (FASE) to Power Rank for 1-10 hours a day. If Power Rank already, raise +1CS"	Ability Boost:FASE-1
"Stat Increase +1cs to Fighting, Strength and Endurance"	Ability Boost:FSE
Mental Power Increase Exodus' faith in the path he is following allows him to temprorarily increase his already impressive powers. Exodus can increase his Telepathy and telekinesis for 1d10 round by +2CS if he succeeds in an Am psyche FEAT or by spending 100 karma.	Ability Boost:Mental
"Chi F,A,S or E can be raised 1 rank for 10 rounds. Requires 1 round of meditation & psyche FEAT. to use. After its used up health temporary loss of 25"	Ability Boost:Physical-1
"Chi Augmentation Fat Cobra can harness his spiritual energy in a similar fashion as Iron Fist does, By doing this he can enhance all of his physical attributes to superhuman levels. Once per day, he can channel his psychic energy to increase any one of his physical (FASE) abilities by +1CS for 10 rounds. Requires 1 round of concentration to complete and a successful Psyche FEAT to use. The increased ability does not add to his Health total. After 10 rounds, he must make an Endurance FEAT on the Stun column to avoid becoming exhausted."	Ability Boost:Physical-1
"Changeling Un, Meggan may shift her physical statistics up to 4 ranks to a maximum of Am, however her health remains unchanged."	Ability Boost:Physical-Am
Power Transfer Rm ability to enhance a target's Strength and Endurance	Ability Boost:S;Ability Boost:E
"Psionic Absorbtion Vessel can absorb the residual energy of recently deceased people, he uses this energy to increase his Strength and Health. For each point of Psyche thus absorbed, he gains a point of strength and health. His maximum strength is Un."	Ability Boost:S[Health]
"Ability Enhancement Once per day, Warlock can boost his Strength and Endurance by +2CS for up to 5 turns. This give him no increase in Health."	Ability Boost:S-1;Ability Boost E:-1
"Strength Increase Once every 8 hours, Nekra can boost her Strength to In for 1 Hour. As a result of the strength increase Nekra recieves Am Body Resistance."	Ability Boost:Sin
"Strength Absorption Bora can drain the physical Strength energy of others within the same area equal to Am. This is done by a Power FEAT against the target's Strength. If Bora makes the FEAT, she absorbs an equal number of points in Strength, and adds them to her Strength. The victim's Strength lost is only temporarily while the PC has drained it, and this weakens the victim to a lesser Power rank. Bora can drain the Strength as long as she makes her Power FEAT. If the target's strength reaches 0, then that person is disabled, and cannot perform any action until they gain their Strength back. Strength comes back at a rate equal to the Original Strength rank / 10 per round. Neither the victim’s nor the PC's Health changes when this Power is in effect."	Ability Drain
"Absorbtion CL1000, any form of energy"	Absorption
"Absorbtion Power Mn, Alex can absorb up to Mn amount of power, it gives Alex the following power stunts:"	Absorption
"Absorption CL1000, any form of energy"	Absorption
"Absorption Power Alter Ego also has the Un ability to absorb ambient cosmic energies. Should he have the need for additional power, he can also absorb the life forces of those on his surface to supplement this energy. Victims are allowed a Psyche FEAT to resist this."	Absorption
Cosmic Energy Absorption Abdol required cosmic radiation to fuel his mutation otherwise he is normal.	Absorption
"Electrical Absorption Am ability to absorb electrical energy. Once stored, Eve can used this energy to perform the following power stunts:"	Absorption
"Electromagnetic Energy Absorption Katu can absorb electromagnetic energy with Am ability, increasing his lightning damage to Am until all excess energy is used. Katu can store up to 100 points of energy in his bionic arms, before overloading"	Absorption
"Emaciation Force Famine has a field that dampens any source of Energy up to Un rank upon contact, dispersing energy attacks directed at him"	Absorption
Energy Absorbtion Am ability to absorb energy and use it in his energy blasts. He can absorb up to Mn if he makes a yellow End. FEAT and Un if he makes a Red End. FEAT	Absorption
"Energy Absorption Aquarian abosrbs energy at 1 point per round. Each time he uses his strength or leaping ability, this reduces back to zero. If the total accumulated energy reaches 100, it is released in a massive, involuntary Un intensity Force Blast against everything within 10 areas."	Absorption
Energy Absorption and Rechanneling Ms. Marvel can repower herself by absorbing any type of energy regaining lost health equal to the intensity absorbed. She can also rechannel it to increase the intensity of her energy blasts. Up to 100 points of energy may be stored in this manner and up to 100 Health can be restored.	Absorption
"Energy and Lifeforce Absorption Un ability to drain the life-force from other people on contact particularly with a kiss, causing them to weaken, or possibly even die. The energies she drains from her victims gives her the following:"	Absorption
"Flora Absorption Un ability to absorb wood to feed sustain himself, to rebuild himself (which also requires water) and to enhance his strength by up to +2cs."	Absorption
Gold Absorption Midas requires gold for sustenance. He absorbs this through his skin with In ability	Absorption
"Induction Allows Ultron to absorb external energy with Un ability. An unlimited amount of energy may be stored, and upon absorbing it Ultron regains that amount of Health and is +1CS on all FEATs for 1-10 rounds following the absorption."	Absorption
"Ionic Vampirism Absorb energies up to 400 points, regenerate up to 100 points of Health. He can perform the following power stunts:"	Absorption
"Solar Absorption and Storage CL3000, that provides Hyperion with mass amounts of energy that support all his other powers and abilities. He directs this stored energy to enhance his abilities."	Absorption
"Solar Flare Un ability to absorb solar and other radiation to generate the process of ionized matter (usually air) through a mentally-triggered unknown biochemical process so that it is converted to plasma, the superheated state of matter. She can inflict up to Mn damage at line-of-site range. She can inflict Un damage, but she must make an Endurance FEAT roll to remain conscious after doing so."	Absorption
"Solar Jewel  The solar jewel on The Visions brow absorbs ambient solar energy that his body is able to convert directly into usable forms by a process not unlike photosynthesis in plants, but with 99% efficiency. It allows him to perform the following:"	Absorption
"Stage IV Not content with stage III Abdol began to absorb cosmic radiation from the atmosphere, growing hundreds of feet in height and shifting ALL his powers to CL3000 rank, until he went into space and became a living planet."	Absorption
Damage Transference Am	Absorption
"Material and Energy Absorbtion Absorbing Man can take on the properties of any material he touches, giving him Strength, Endurance and Body Armor of rank equal to the material strength of the material touched, his health is also increased (not decreased for material lower than his normal ranks). The upper limit is Un. If the object hold energy he can also absorb it and hold it for 10 rounds, he is not hurt by this energy. He can also absorb shapes and sizs."	Absorption:Material;Absorption:Energy
Radiation Absorption Presence may absorb Un levels of radiation.	Absorption:Radiation
Radiation Photosynthesis Mn ability to harmlessly processes and expels radiation through his body.	Absorption:Radiation
Bio-Electrical Absorbtion Am ability to increase the personal storage of bio-electricity within the cells of his body. He can absorb up to Am if he makes a Yellow Endurance FEAT and Mn if he makes a Red Endurance FEAT. Bevatron could then channel this energy into radiant discharges of high-voltage energy	Absorption;Energy Blast
"Resistance/Absorption Sh-X resistance to Light, Radiation and Laser. Sunturion is able to absorb such energies in order to replenish lost health."	Absorption;Resist:Light;Resist:Radiation
"Adrenalin Surge In every round of combat with the same opponent, Captain America's Fighting and Strength will, when he gets mad, increase by +1cs to a maximum of Sh-X"	Adrenalin Surge:1-ShX
"Adrenaline Surge Charlie's Fighting and Strength may be raised +1cs to a maximum of Sh-Z to hit and damage. This requires Charlie has to make a successful Psyche FEAT to increase and only if he was hurt that round. If the opponent or opponents are defeated, Charlie's abilites and Health scores return to normal in the next round."	Adrenalin Surge:1-ShZ
Aging Rays Un intensity rays shot from hands that age the target 100 years per hit. Sustained combat could even eventually destroy long-lived Asgardian gods.	Aging:100
Age Alteration Causes rapid aging or rejuvenation at 75 times normal rate.	Aging:75
Air Animation Un control over the atmosphere. His control is limited to removing the air from a target area. Beings within the target area must make an Endurance FEAT. Failure means they begin to suffocate from lack of air; victims fall unconscious for 1-10 minutes.	Air Control
"Air Control In ability to control air and generate winds. The winds don’t emanate from him, allowing him to attack without giving away his position. He has mastered the following power stunts:"	Air Control
Air Disruption Flying opponents must make an Agility FEAT roll to remain airborne. Gliding opponents must make a Red FEAT.	Air Control
Air Manipulation Am ability to manipulate the oxygen and carbon dioxide in the air.	Air Control
Wind Control Cyclone's suit allows him to control air pattern at Am intensity. He can perform the following stunts	Air Control
Wind Generation Mn ability to control the winds	Air Control
"Winds Create Am strength winds, cyclones etc."	Air Control
"Vortex Beam Rm Air Control, permitting flight by the user at Ex speeds and other Power stunts"	Air Control;Flight
"Air Walking Up 90% inclines, up or down buildings with Un rank"	Air Walk
Air-Walking In	Air Walk
Airwalking Rm speed by rapidly fanning his feet and arms.	Air Walk
Abnormal Biochemistry Karolina is an alien with an odd bio-physiology that seems to be the missing link between material beings and energy bodies. Her body is composed of both flesh and blood and solar energy at the same time. Her blood is lethal to vampires. Has the following power stunts:	Alien
"Alien Physiognomy As a result of Rita's transformation by Mojo, she now has:"	Alien
Artificial Being Nightmask is an artificial being created from Ex Nihilo's machine to be the spark of a new race of being born on Mars. Yet somehow in someway he was altered with aspects not programmed into his genetic being. This change may somehow be related to the universal transcendent advent called the White Event bestowing him strange new powers. He has the following abilities:	Alien
Ataraxian Physiology Praxagora is an Ataraxian whose very body gives her the following power stunts:	Alien
"Atlantean Physiology Andromeda is an Atlantean, whose very body gives her the following abilities:"	Alien
"Badoon Physiology Brother Royal is a Badoon, whose very body gives him the following abilities:"	Alien
Benzwezil Physiology Dirty Wolff is the last known member of Benzwezil. His very body provides him with the following:	Alien
Bestial Appearance Kylun’s mutant physiology grants him the following abilities:	Alien
Blue Humans	Alien
"Brood Implant Should a victim be stuck by a Brood Queen's tail, they must make a Red End. FEAT vs. turning into a Brood after 2-20 hours."	Alien
Brood Physiology Broo is a mutant Brood with a sense of compassion. He has the following abilities:	Alien
Chthon Am	Alien
"Cotati Physiology Being a member of the alien race known as the Cotati, Swordsman demonstrated the following powers:"	Alien
"Cyclopian Physiology Ogur is a cyclops, whose very body provides him with the following abilities:"	Alien
"Dark Celestial Physiology Callus the Void was a member of the Final Host of Dark Celestials, a race of Celestials mutated and turned rabid by the Horde. The Dark Celestial has the following array of powers:"	Alien
"Eternal Physiology Hyperion's unique physiology is common among the Eternals. His body collects cosmic radiation and operates in a process similar to nuclear fusion. As a result, he possesses the following abilities:"	Alien
"Exolon Parasites Due to the Exolon parasites that infect and maintain his body, he possesses the following power stunts:"	Alien
"Fin Fang Foom is a Chinese Dragons, one of the most powerful creatures on Earth "	Alien
"Flora Colossus Physiology Groot is a Flora Colossus, whose very body gives him the following power stunts:"	Alien
Gardener Physiology Ex Nihilo is a member of the Gardeners. The Gardeners are creatures created by the Builders to help them shape the universe. Ex Nihilo is capable of the following abilities:	Alien
"Illuminati Powers This Skrull has been given the DNA of the members of the Illuminati, which include the following:"	Alien
"Inheritor Physiology Bora's primary power is the ability to absorb the life force energy of other living creatures, thereby granting herself superhuman physical abilities. Even though Bora can absorb the energies of virtually any being, she must occasionally renew herself by feeding upon pure forms of animal-related superbeings from one of the four categories that make up her own, unusually pure, DNA such as animal, insect, human, and bird."	Alien
Inhuman Physiology It was revealed that the Beyonder is actually an Inhuman. The Terrigan Mists have endowed him with the following abilities:	Alien
"Instant Disintegration When any member of the Brood reaches 0 Health, it dissolves on the spot."	Alien
"Internal Defenses Each Celestial is inhabited by a variety of defensive organisms. These function like anti-bodies to attack invaders. They can be any forms the Celestial wishes, but usually appear as insect or anti-body like creatures of up to Un abilities and Powers."	Alien
Internal Limbo The interior of a Celestial appears to be a series of vast chambers recreating weird locations from throughout space. These chambers are apparently larger than the exterior shell of the Celestial.	Alien
"Kree Eternal Physiology Supreme Intelligence proclaimed Ultimate an External of Kree, whose very body gives him the following abilities:"	Alien
"Kree Physiology Originally, Photon had no superhuman powers. However, the Kree have evolved with greater strength than Earth humans in order to combat the heavier gravity of their home worlds."	Alien
Kronan Physiology Korg's very body gives him the following power stunts:	Alien
"Light Elf Physiology Sir Ivory Honeyshot is a Light Elf, whose very body provides him with the following:"	Alien
"Master of the Sun A title bestowed upon Peter by what and whom he believed to be a false memory from prior history never truly lived. Being gifted entirely alien capabilities by said facsimile of his old mentor, Quill would gain incredible; albeit unexplored, new power which he can channel through his Element Gun. These as of yet unexplored faculties often manifest by the glow of his regrown left eye and the odd sun imprint tattooed to the palm of his right hand. He has demonstrated the following:"	Alien
Mountain Giant Physiology Titanya Vaetilda Vinnsuvius was a Mountain Giant whose very body gives her the following abilities:	Alien
"Nanotech Enhancements further supplementing his already-augmented insectoid physiology, Noh-Varr also has nanotechnological enhancements teeming in his various bodily fluids, offering him even more capabilities in a pinch. His known nano-abilities include the following"	Alien
"Nova Force Richard Rider hosts the Nova Force energy reservoir, which grants him the following abilities:"	Alien
"Nova Powers As a Nova Centurion, Irani Rael has the following abilities:"	Alien
Nymph Physiology The Nymph form for the Natives gives them the following power stunts:	Alien
Odinforce Odin is in control of the Odinforce. The Odinforce allows him to perform the following abilities:	Alien
"Oldstrong Hiroim has been given the powers of the Oldstrong, giving him the following power stunts:"	Alien
"Oldstrong Powers Caiera possesses by the Old Strong, which allows her to perform the following power stunts:"	Alien
"Olympian Physiology Ares possesses the conventional superhuman physical attributes of an Olympian god. However, some of his powers are greater than that of most Olympians, such as:"	Alien
"Parasitic Collective The Hive's body, whilst bipedal, is not a solid figure but a writhing congregation of its many parasites. As one, the Hive is capable of asserting itself as an individual, albeit without name or personality. In this form, it is capable of speech; the language, however, is unknown, though spoken also by other Hydra agents, suggesting it is one of their own design, created for strategic secrecy when in the field. These parasites provide the following:"	Alien
"Phoenix Force After a battle with the Avengers, the Phoenix Force was hit by a blast from Iron Man's Diruptor Weapon, dividing it and making one of its fragments bond with Colossus. When used a flaming bird image is conjured which inflict Ty heat damage when the powers are used at max rank. If character has yet to reach complete mastery, the Phoenix Powers are all at -1CS (except flight). The Phoenix Force is capable of performing the following power stunts:"	Alien
"Prime Eternalship Ikaris, as the current Prima Eternal, possesses extra powers. His Cosmic Energy and Psionic matter manipulation powers are boosted one rank. If he resigns or this position is taken from him in challenge, he loses these extra ranks."	Alien
"Rigellian Physiology Irani Rael is a Rigellian, whose very body gives her the following abilities:"	Alien
Rock Troll Physiology Geirrodur is is King of the Rock Trolls. His very body gives him the following abilities:	Alien
Skrull Physiology The Skrull who imitated Black Bolt is a new version of the Super-Skrull Program. His very body gives him the following abilities:	Alien
"Strontian Physiology Gladiator is a Strontian, whose very body gives him the following abilities:"	Alien
"Super-Skrull Powers Xavin is training to become a Super-Skrull, meaning that in addition to his shape-shifting abilities, he would also have every power that the Fantastic Four has, although as a trainee he can only use one of the following powers at a time:"	Alien
"Superhuman Powers The Super-Skrulls have been given the DNA of various members of the superhuman community, up to 5 different superhumans to a Skrull."	Alien
Swamp Mammoth Physiology The Swamp Mammoths were a race of creatures used by the Dark Elves to storm Alfheim. The Swamp Mammoths appear to be either covered by or formed entirely by plants. They have the following abilities:	Alien
"The Starbrand Selby was born possessing the Star Brand, a planetary-scale defense system meant to protect a planet as its people progress through a transition period and advance as a society. While she has not demonstrated any power, she may have the following abilities:"	Alien
"Titan Eternal Physiology The Eternals of Titan have focused their energies in different ways than those on Earth, and thus their base abilities are different. Thanos' abilities are higher than any other Eternal of Titan. It has been suggested that Thanos is either a mutant Eternal or he has boosted his abilities and powers through bionics and mystic enhancements:"	Alien
Troll Physiology The bodies of the Asgardian Trolls give them the following abilities:	Alien
"Tsiln Physiology Gog is a Tsiln, whose very body gives him the following abilities:"	Alien
"Uniform Irani Rael can instantly change from her street clothes to her Nova Centurion uniform at will, as well as the fact that the suit will morph to suit her needs. The Nova Corps uniform provides her with the following abilities:"	Alien
Utopian Physiology Zarda is a Utopian from Utopia Isle. Her very body gives her the following abilities:	Alien
"Vanir Physiology Ro is a Vanir, whose very body gives him the following abilities:"	Alien
"X-Men Powers This Skrull has been given the DNA of the members of the X-Men, which include the following:"	Alien
Alien Physiology Manphibian's alien physiology grants him several key advantages and abilities that allow him to be perfectly adapted to an aquatic environment. His adaptations include:	Alien
"Celestial Tech-like Armor His transformation enables the cladding of otherworldly materials onto himself enabling the better channeling of his new cosmic power. While armored, Warren need only make a Green Psyche FEAT when pushing the limits of his cosmic energy discharge attack, rather than Yellow. His armor provides Rm protection vs. Physical and Energy"	Alien
Cocoon Devlor's ape-like form once functioned as a cocoon that protected his human body during a severe illness.	Alien
"Cyttoraak Powers Colossus made a bargain with Cyttorak, the otherdimensional being who originally empowered the Juggernaut, to gain the power to stand against Kuurth. Its mystical energies give him the following abilities:"	Alien
"Evolution Only a select few are able to reach the King stage of the Natives. When a King dies, one of the sons becomes enters this evolution stage."	Alien
"Gathering By performing a ""gathering,"" in which he disincorporated a being on one Earth, allegedly to allow an alternate variant to live"	Alien
"Arachnid Abilities After being bitten by an Oz-enhanced spider, Miles Morales gained the following abilities"	Altered Human
Mutated Form The Rhino became subject to experimentation whereupon he was mutated into a half-man / half-rhino creature temporarily. It gave him the following abilities:	Altered Human
Mutated Physiology Seemingly those of the Lizard and of Hank Pym when at a very large size but augmented by MGH and Gamma treatments. American Kaiju's body gives him the following abilities:	Altered Human
"Power-Bestowing Drug Through the regular consumption of a drug called Diamond provided by Wilson Fisk, Diamondback has managed to display the following powers:"	Altered Human
"Super-Soldier Physiology As a result of his treatment with the Super-Soldier Formula and a stabilizing bath of Vita-Rays, Steve Rogers was elevated from a sickly skinny young man to the peak of human physical and mental perfection, giving him the following:"	Altered Human
Android Body Albert is an android whose very body gives him the following power stunts:	Android
Manufactured Harmonite Physiology Qubit is a synthorganic being from a species called the Manufactured Harmonites. His very body gives him the following:	Android
"Neuro-Kinetic Body The Vision's new body is based on Iron Lad's Armor and Brain Patterns. Because of this, Vision's body reacts to his thoughts. He has the following abilities"	Android
Robot Body The Cosmic Hulk's very body give it the following abilities:	Android
Robotic Body Danger is a robotic entity of the Danger Room. Her very body gives Danger the following abilities	Android
Robotic Construction Bastion is the combination of Master Mold and Nimrod. His very body gives him the following:	Android
Robotic Entity The Recorders are a race of robotic life-forms that are generally used as scouts to explore new territory and report back to the Rigellians. This gives them the following power stunts:	Android
"Sentience Unknown to its creator, Dr. Henry Pym, the first Ultron gained sentience from an introspective computer program that was run through its circuits shortly after creation. This is why the computer has Intuition and Psyche ranks."	Android
"Sentient Computer Originating as data from Mr.Fantastic’s inter-dimensional note pad, Modulus was inadvertently given sentience and mobility when Franklin Richard’s played with the pad. He has the following abilities:"	Android
Servitors Artificial lifeforms with the following abilities:	Android
"Synthetic Body The Vision possesses a number of superhuman powers ultimately derived from his artificial substance and metabolism. The Vision's android body is functioning replica of a human body containing analogues to virtually all human organs, blood, and tissue, composed of an unrevealed synthetic organic-like substance. This substance mimics all the functions of human tissue, but is several times as strong, durable and resilient. It gives him the following abilities:"	Android
Synthetic Humanoid Victor is a synthetic humanoid which gives him the following power stunts	Android
"Synthezoid Physiology Sparky possesses a number of ""supercanine"" powers ultimately derived from his artificial substance and metabolism:"	Android
"Synthformer Physiology Baymax is an arti&#64257;cial synthformer with the ability to shift into various battle forms. His default form is a large humanoid male designed to be less conspicuous in public while attending to Hiro's daily needs. He possesses a durable, polymantium exoskeleton resistant to most forms of small ballistics (equivalent of Gd Body Resistance). Baymax can use water as his primary source of power for locomotion. Baymax's default form is that of a large humanoid, but has two additional con&#64257;gurations which he can transform into; when incapacitated, he reverts to his humanoid default."	Android
"Virtual Construct Stunner's consciousness was transfered into a virtual construct, which gives her the following power stunts:"	Android
Weapons System Nimrod is capable of using the following weapons:	Android
"Brain Module Master Mold's central consciousness resides within a ""brain module,"" of which there are a number scattered throughout the world. Destruction of Master Mold in one form (with that brain module) does not fully destroy Master Mold. The brain module is made of Un strength material, and can regenerate a new body with Mn ability. As a protective measure, the brain module can inflict In Energy damage to anyone touching it."	Android
Conscience The downloaded personality of Stephen Lang:	Android
Angel Physiology The Queen of Angels was the monarch of Heven. She and the other Angels were paid by Odin to prevent Asgardians from going to Earth for dubious purposes. Her very body provides her with the following	Angel
"Avian Physiology Redwing is a falcon, whose very body gives him the following:"	Animal
"Insectoid Form Through a ""curse,"" Tsar is able to transform, at the cost of excruciating pain, into an insectoid creature. This form gives him the following abilities:"	Animal
"Insectoid Physiology while he is perfectly human in appearance, Noh-Varr is much, much more in truth. He has been genetically optimized for survival with the perfect blend of insectoid genes harvested from across the known multiverse, genes which give him these super-human powers"	Animal
"Snow Monkey Physiology As a Japanese macaque, Hit-Monkey's very body gives him the following abilities:"	Animal
Animal Communication Rm ability to communicate telepathically with any animal larger than an insect.	Animal Communication
Animal Communication and Control Ex ability to communicate and command rats and undomesticated dogs within 2 miles	Animal Communication
Animal Communication/Control Un	Animal Communication
"Animal Communication/Control (Birds) In ability with Redwing, Ex ability with other birds."	Animal Communication
Animal Control Rm control over rats and mice.	Animal Communication
Animal Empathy Am	Animal Communication
Animal Manipulation Mn ability to control and bond with animals.	Animal Communication
Communicate With Animals Un ability to speak with animals.	Animal Communication
Communication with Squirrels Tippy-Toe is fluent in both Squirrelese and English and has been known to use local squirrels as a network for gathering information.	Animal Communication
Communication/Control (Sea Life) Am	Animal Communication
Insect Communication In	Animal Communication
"Animal Bonding Despite being silent to people in general, Lin is able to communicate with both animals and plants with Mn ability. Her persuasive power allows her to control animals and put them in action against enemies"	Animal Communication;Plant Communication
"Bee Control Swarm mentally controls a colony of super-bees and can fire swarms of these creatures in ""bee blasts"" with a range of 4 areas. The bees normally move up to 3 areas/round and have the following stats for each swarm attack:"	Animal Control
Bird Control In control over birds within 10 areas	Animal Control
"Bird's Eye View Ex ability to ""see"" through the eyes of a bird within 15 area radius"	Animal Control
Dinosuar Communications Stegron is able to communicate with and control dinosaurs in a one mile radius with Am ability. Stegron usually resides in the Savage Land	Animal Control
Entomancy Un ability to remotely control bugs and pests. He has used centipedes are used as 'bugs' (fly-on-the-wall monitor or surveillance tool)	Animal Control
"Mesmerism (All Animals) Mn, only one creature at a time."	Animal Control
"Psychic Link Similarly to Sam Wilson, Joaquín shares an Am Psychic Link with Redwing. Because of that, Joaquín and Sam indirectly share a mental link, as they can use Redwing as sort of a messenger to share thoughts with each other"	Animal Control
Reptile Communications Lizard communicates with and controls all reptiles and amphimpians in a one mile radius with Am ability.	Animal Control
"Reptilian Body Slither's abilities derive from his mutant, snakelike nature and appearance. Among his special abilities are:"	Animal Control
Reptilian Telepathy Am ability to mentally communicate and command all reptiles within a mile of himself via limited telepathy. He has performed the following power stunts:	Animal Control
"Communicate with Whales The unique quality of his whale sounds make his cries particularly compelling to whales. Orka makes a successful Reason FEAT roll, whales will obey him. For the purposes of communicating with whales, Orka's Reason is Mn."	Animal Control
Sonic Creatures Siryn can create illusionary creatures of living sound with max stats of Ex.	Animate Images
"Animate Object Am, He can also overlay an illusion onto the animated object"	Animate Objects
Animate Objects Un	Animate Objects
"Animate Rock Un, Ozymandias can animate rock etchings which can have a maximum of Un abilities and have 100 health."	Animate Objects
Animation Rm	Animate Objects
"Solid Objects Has created, spheres, blocks, pillars, ramps and other objects that can be used to help or impede others."	Animate Objects
"Death Sense Un ability to sense a being's approaching death. At the Gamemaster's option, they may have Gruenhilda attempt a FEAT roll to determine if she has detected a death glow. If she does, one character, randomly chosen, will be placed in a deadly situation. This character will attract attacks and is unable to spend any Karma on Endurance FEAT rolls for the duration of the adventure."	Astral Detection
"Dream Projection Un ability to manipulate the dreams of people, making them dream about events that were happening while they were sleeping and directly talk to them through their dreams"	Astral Detection
Spirit Sense & Communication Rm	Astral Detection
Spirit Sight see thing as they really are when a yellow psyche FEAT is made.	Astral Detection
Astral Detection Un	Astral Detection
Astral Location Am ability to bring the astral bodies of others to her location.	Astral Detection
Astral Form The projection of her astral self from her physical body to Mn distances	Astral Projection
Astral Body Un ability to send out an astral form with his consciousness	Astral Projection
"Astral Form Projection Un ability to release her astral form, which she uses to focus her telepathy and telekinesis."	Astral Projection
Astral Projection Un	Astral Projection
Astral Protection Am	Astral Projection
Free Spirit Am	Astral Projection
"Astral Supremacy Am, Mordo receives a +1cs on magic FEAT rolls while on the astral plane."	Astral Projection:1
Astral Travel Sinister has +2CS in astral space. Morphing	Astral Projection:1
"Attraction by boosting the forces of attraction between the character and another object, he can cause both of them to move towards each other. Usually, the lighter object will 'fall' towards the heavier one. For example, using this trick on an opponent's gun can pull it away as if he, in this case, had power rank telekinesis. However, if he uses this stunt on a building, he will similarly fall towards it as if he had been dropped on it from overhead."	Attraction Field
Attraction Field Un ability to create a vacuum pull which can draw in or hurl around full grown adults.	Attraction Field
"Battle Rage Am, She can usually hold her humanoid shape, but in stressful situations (expecially combat), she must make a Psyche FEAT. If it fails, she reverts to her true form... that of a mystical tiger. If she gets a green or yellow result then she retains a generally humanoid shape but with feline features, growing hair, etc. On a red result she suffers no penalty to her appearance. She can voluntarily fail this feat. The Judge may also adjust CS as the situation warrants. Once in her true tiger form she must make a Psyche FEAT to return to humanoid form."	Berserk
"Berserker Rage Daken still flies into a rage, losing Karma and ""going berserk."" Daken must make a Yellow Psyche FEAT must be made to come out of it. While it may be bad, he gains the following power stunts:"	Berserk
Bloodlust Berserker when he hasn't fed. Reason and Psyche drop to Fb and those numbers are divided between strength and Fighting or... When Morbius reaches 30 Health All Physical stats drop -2cs and for every 10 points after this he loses another -2cs. Bloodlust takes over and feeding will replenish his own health.	Berserk
"Warrior Madness Hercules can be easily angered and can fly off into a berserker rage if offended. Ignore all Stun results; All attacks are at (+1cs), & Un resistance to mind control and other mental attacks. A successful Psyche FEAT must be made to come out of it."	Berserk
"Feral Ignore all Stun results; All attacks and damage are at +1cs. Am resistance to Mind Control and other mental attacks. A successful Yellow Psyche FEAT must be made to come out of it, a Green FEAT if it is someone he trusts"	Berserk
"Berserk Sabertooth has the ability to ""go berserk."" He prefers to do so every time he enters combat. When berserk, Sabertooth ignores all stun results, all attacks are at +1cs to hit and his Psyche is considered Un for resisting the effects of mind control. Sabertooth must make a Yellow Psyche FEAT roll to come out of this state, and may only do so when no danger is present. If someone Sabertooth trusts is present to help him, he only needs a Green FEAT roll"	Berserk:F-1;Resist Domination:Un
Berserker ignore stuns & Un resistance to mind control. A yellow psyche FEAT. must be made to come out of it.	Berserk:F-1;Resist Domination:Un
Berserker Frenzy +1cs Fighting and Endurance for up to 10 rounds.	Berserk;F-1;Berserk;E-1
Biological Manipulation Un	Biological Manipulation
"Biological Mastery The consciousness of Krakoa has full control over its entire biosphere, from the island foundation to all the plants and animals living on it. It can manipulate them with Un ability. This also applies to any Habitats formed from its Flowers regardless of distance from the main island."	Biological Manipulation
"Camoflage Am, Victor is unable to maintain his camouflage if he is to emotionally unstable"	Blending
Camouflage +2cs for Blindsiding	Blending
Chameleon Effect Am ability to blend into his surroundings	Blending
"Chameleon Mutation Anole's very body is much like a chameleon, giving him the following power stunts:"	Blending
Shadow Merging Am ability to merge with the shadows	Blending
"Spider-Camouflage In ability to blend into his surroundings, including his clothing, allowing him to sneak up on his enemies or, in some cases, flee from them."	Blending
"Catelogue Danger has a database of several beings that the X-Men have worked with and fought with over the years. In combat, she can automatically block one attack by a studied character on a power FEAT, she can block 2 attack if she succeeds an In powers FEAT. In addition, studied characters are at -2cs against her. However, this does not work against Professor X."	Blocking:Auto
"Blunt Ex damage, but Kill results are treated as Stun results."	Blunt
Blunt attack In	Blunt
"Charge Mn ability to charge her hammer with psycho-kinetic energy, dealing up to Mn damage"	Blunt
Hammer Fists Ex Blunt	Blunt
"Hammer Hands Ex damage by forming a fist, then shifting his weight to that fist."	Blunt
Hammers Am damage	Blunt
Hooves Gd Blunt	Blunt
"Kinetic Amplification Bruiser can focus all his body weight behind his punches or kicks to inflict In damage. With a Power FEAT roll on In, he can accomplish this instantly, otherwise using this power counts as one action/attack for that round in addition to the attack itself."	Blunt
Leap-Kick Rm damage	Blunt
Left Arm Raza's left arm has In Strength.	Blunt
Power Punch Do up to In damage with his punches	Blunt
"Super Strike after studying the target for 1 turn, he inflicts Un damage if he makes a Psyche FEAT roll."	Blunt
Vibrating Hand Un damage	Blunt
"Weapon Generation Using his Vegetative Form, Boy-Thing is able to create weapons out of wood, dealing up to Rm damage"	Blunt
­-Neck Mn	Blunt
"Adjacent Stomp He can stomp with one leg into any adjacent area, causing Mn damage."	Blunt Area
"Leaping Stomp He can also leap into the air up to 2 areas away and stomp with both legs, causing Un damage. The leaping stomp is so unpredictable that anyone trying to Dodge it receives a -1cs."	Blunt Area
Stomp Devil can stomp in one of two ways:	Blunt Area
"Attacks Alter Ego can alter his shape to attack unruly beings on his surface, in a number of ways. He can primarily generate tentacles of planetary mass, which can stretch up to 100 miles in length, and inflict Un Blunt or Edged Attack Damage. Alternately, Alter Ego can attack those within his interior with cave-ins, magma flows, and more, each of which can be used to inflict Un damage (of the proper type, either Force or Energy), each round they're applied. Only a fool enters the innards of Alter Ego..."	Blunt Area;Edged Area
Debris Blow-Hard uses the power to propel debris that deals Rm damage to everyone a target zone 1 area away.	Blunt Missile
Detachable fists Able to shoot his fists up to 1 area they do Rm damage each.	Blunt Missile
Earth Animation Mn ability to move natural soil and propel rocks as weapons that do In damage up to 5 areas away.	Blunt Missile
Earth Missiles Am damage	Blunt Missile
Web Missile Ex blunt attack at 3 areas	Blunt Missile
"Fire Rocks In damage, 5 areas"	Blunt Missile
Sphere Generation In ability to project flesh-colored balls of different sizes from his body and clothes. This odd power activates any time he causes or takes Pr damage or better through physical attacks. The balls fire up to Rm distances (6 areas) and rebound off objects	Blunt Missile
"Natural Marksman Mn Agility with any thrown objects. He can turn mundane objects into deadly weapons. Any object with an edge that he throws attack on the Thrown Edged Attacks column of the Battle Effects Table. His accurate range is 2 areas with thrown items. Bullseye has also carries guns and crossbows as well. If encountered in an area he has previously prepared, Bullseye will have 1 to 5 caches of exotic weapons stashed around the area."	Blunt Missile;Mn
"Adamantium Skelton +1 CS to damage in blunt, charging, or any attack that uses his body. He is invulnerable to any attack designed to break his bones, although he still suffers bruising or any other internal damage."	Blunt:1
"Ice Weapons In material. When using an ice weapon in Edge or Blunt, Iceman receives +1cs. Such shapes last for 5-25 rounds. If used to trap opponents, the ice holds them with Rm Strength"	Blunt:1
"Psionic Energy Whips Senyaka generates psionic energy in the form of whips that he uses to attack opponents. He does +1cs Energy damage above his current strength. Senyaka can use the whips to grapple an opponent with a successful called shot (Yellow FEAT) at which, he can absorb the opponent's life force the following round. The material strength of the coins is considered to be Rm for the purposes of breaking free. The range of the whips is into the next area."	Blunt:1
Kicking Able to perform a leaping kick that does Am damage (He must leap in order to inflict this damage)	Blunt:Am
"Hopping (Multiple Attack) Used against a group of characters in the same area, His legs can deliver a blow causing Ex damage to the each target. This attack used the Charge column and hops from character to character. Maximum number of targets is 9. If he misses one, he can still continue to hop attack each potential target in the area."	Blunt:Area
"Hopping (Single Attack) Rm damage, this hop are so hard to gauge when he's leaping, his Agility can be used at the same time for dodging"	Blunt:Dodging bonus
"Energy Punch Sh-Y, by energizing his fist he increases his punching power immensely"	Blunt:Energy
"Holographic Illusions Ex, cause Gd damage"	Blunt:Illusion
Create Ice Weapons Am	Blunt;Blunt Missile
Hammers/Axes Am damage	Blunt;Edged
Prehensile Tail Am Blunt	Blunt;Extra Body Parts:Tail
Prehensile Tall Rm Blunt	Blunt;Extra Body Parts:Tail
"Mutated Legs and Feet Gorgon's legs are heavily muscled and his feets have taken the form of hooves. His legs can generate an intense pulse of kinetic energy which is triggered by his stomping. He can do Am damage to materials by kicking them, and if he stamps upon the ground his power is flet as a shockwave attack with a range of 2 areas. Note that no damage is inflicted by a shockwave attack, although stuns and slams still take effect."	Blunt;Force Area
"Adamantium Skeleton Unbreakable, Ex body armor vs. blunt attacks, Ty vs. edged."	Body Armour
"Armored Skin In protection vs. Physical, Rm protection vs. Energy"	Body Armour
"Battle-vest Rm material and protection which covers entire chest. (roll d10, on 6-9 chest is hit) It contains the following weapons:"	Body Armour
Bio-Electric Sheath Acts as Am Body Armor	Body Armour
Body Mn	Body Armour
Body Armor In protection vs. Physical and Energy	Body Armour
"Body Armor (Vacuum of the Void) Though Cloak now has a physical form and is no longer intangible, his cloak will still act as Rm Body Armor in combat. Objects, such as bullets, no longer pass harmlessly through him but are rather drawn harmlessly around his physical body and into the vacuum of the Void."	Body Armour
"Body Armor Creation Boy-Thing is able to become a suit of armor, granting the wearer Rm protection vs. Physical and allows the wearer to breathe and survive in the vacuum of space. The wearer is still hurt by his burning touch"	Body Armour
Body Coating In protection vs. Physical and Energy	Body Armour
"Bone Armor Ex protection vs. Physical, Gd protection vs. Energy"	Body Armour
"Carapace Armor In material, gives Araña In Body Armor. She can summon a blue exoskeleton carapace that emanates from the tattoo on her upper arm; she can control the thickness, coverage, and shape of the carapace. At its thickest, it is resistant to small firearms. However, when using full armor, contact with water leaves her unable to breathe, forcing her to retract it."	Body Armour
Dense Flesh Ex Body Resistance	Body Armour
"Diamond Skin Un Body Armor vs. Physical and Energy. Lil can be stunned or slammed by attacks of Ex or higher, but takes no damage. Her sense of touch is greatly reduced to the point where she will not notice an attack of Ty Strength or less."	Body Armour
"Flame Body Am protection vs. Physical, Gd protection vs. Energy"	Body Armour
"Gelatinous Body His gelatinous body give George Am Body Armor vs. Blunt, Edge and Force attacks, Rm vs. Energy."	Body Armour
High-Density Skins Un protection vs. Physical and Energy	Body Armour
"Ice Body Iceberg's body is completely ice and gives him In Body Armor, has the following power stunts:"	Body Armour
"Ice Sheath Rm protection vs. Physical, Gd protection vs. Energy, even Heat and Flame. Heat and Flame weaken Iceman’s armor by rank number of the attack for 1-10 rounds. His Ice Form also allows him the following abilities"	Body Armour
"Intangibility Amelia is virtually intangible in mist form and has in e&#64256;ect, Mn protection vs. Physical and In protection vs. Energy"	Body Armour
"Mania Symbiote Lee is bonded with the symbiote. Lee and the symbiote must be attacked separately. When you try to attack them, your -6cs to attack. It has Rm resistance against attacks & has 30 health. The Symbiote can regenerate 6 points of health a round. When the symbiote fall to 0 health it is knocked unconscious for 1-10 rounds. The Symbiote provides Lee with the following abilities:"	Body Armour
Protection Mn	Body Armour
Protection from Blunt attac -5cs damage from blunt attacks	Body Armour
Scaly Skin Rm protection vs. Physical	Body Armour
Shell Am protection vs. Physical and Energy	Body Armour
Skin Armor Ty protection vs. Blunt	Body Armour
Spider Body Ero's body is actually a community of pirate spiders. These spiders provide a living carpet of protection equivalent to In Body Armor vs. Physical and Energy. Swarm is naturally subjected to those attacks that affect spider. Such as being attacked by birds.	Body Armour
Stone Body Rm protection vs. Physical and Energy	Body Armour
"Stone Casing Rock wears a flexible stone casing that gives him In protection vs. Physical and Energy. In addition, it allws him to use the following power stunts:"	Body Armour
Thick Skin Gd body armor	Body Armour
Tough Skin Ty protection vs. Physical	Body Armour
"Vibranium Skinsuit Un material, Charlie's skinsuit gives him the following power stunts:"	Body Armour
Armor Skin Ex resistance to injury.	Body Armour
Rhino Armor The New Rhino has been outfitted with a Rhino Armor that gives him the following abilities:	Body Armour
Rock Armor Flint can use his Geokinesis to call rocks to form a shell around to create armor. It gives him the following abilities:	Body Armour
"X-Men Uniform Rm material, the Uniforms are constructed out of unstable molecule fabric. It provides her with the following:"	Body Armour
Body Resistance Am resistance vs. all attacks except Psionics	Body Armour:All
Damage Resistance All damage is -3cs	Body Armour:All
"Husking Husk can shed her skin to morph into almost anything, she does this with Rm ability. She has to make a power FEAT to get the desired result, established power stunts are"	Body Armour:Husking
"Ignore Opponent's Body Armor He can negate the effectiveness of an opponent's Body Armor by making a Grappling attack and using his body as a portal. Though he can't attack through it, others can. When someone is attacked this way, they only have their base Health points as opposed to their altered Heath."	Body Armour:Ignore Other
"Energy Sheath Am protection vs. Physical, Blunt, Shooting and Edge"	Body Armour:Physical
"Teflon Skin Pr protection vs. Physical, Rm resistance vs. Heat and Fire"	Body Armour:Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
"Exo-Skeleton Mn, Armor posses an exo-skeleton, which operates at Am strength. She gan use it for numerous stunts"	Body Armour:SAm
"Debris Body This gives her In Body Armor. It raises her Strength to Mn, health does not change"	Body Armour:SMn
"Huntsman Malekith can convert himself into the Huntsman, an eight foot-tall warrior with Am Body Armor which adds +1cs to Strength, Fighting, and Endurance"	Body Armour;Ability Boost:F1S1E1
Aerial Adaptaions Rm body armor against falling; Mn eyesight; can breath normally at high altitudes.	Body Armour;Enhanced Senses
"Aerial Adaptation Rm Body Armor against falling, Mn Eyesight, Angel can breathe normally at high altitudes."	Body Armour;Enhanced Senses
"Organic Steel This gives the Skrull Am protection vs. Physical and Energtt, Mn resistance to Heat and Cold, Ex resistance vs. Corrosives, Rm resistance vs. Electrical."	Body Armour;Resist Heat;Resist Cold;Resist:Acid;Resist:Acd
True Invulnerability In	Body Armour;Resist:Sustenance
"Armor Sh-Z protection vs. Physical, Shooting, Fire, Disease and Corrosives, Mn protection vs. other natural energies such as Electricity, Sonics and Am protection vs. Unusual energies such as Dark force"	Body Armour;Resistance:Fire;Resistance:Corrosive
"Body Suit Ty protection vs. Physical and Energy, Ex protection vs. Fire and Heat, In protection vs. Electricity"	Body Armour;Resistance:Fire;Resistance:Heat;Resistance:Electricity
"Cyborg Exoskeleton Most of the High Evolutionary's powers are derived from his protective suit which also provides its wearer with Un protection against physical attacks and Shift-Z protection from energy, psionic, or magical attacks. The other powers include"	Body Armour;Resistance:Magic;Resistance:Mental
"Biophysical Control The Celestials have the CL1000 rank ability to alter genetics and induce mutations, whether overt or latent."	Body Transformation-Others
"Body Alteration Rm ability to shrink another character. Shrunken characters must make a Psyche FEAT of Gd rank vs. be disoriented for 1-5 rounds. Shruken characters resume their true size in 3-30 minutes, randomly determed by the Judge and outside of China Doll's control."	Body Transformation-Others
"Body Alteration (Others) Rm ability to melt a victim's skeletal system, so that the victim's body flows like quicksilver. Causes no real damage, but prevents the victim from exercising any muscular control for 3-30 rounds, until the effects of Waxworks' powers wear off. Waxworks has no control over how long will last."	Body Transformation-Others
"Body Transformation (Other) Mn ability to give his victim what they wish for, but twisted. He can give his victim any power (usually uncontrolled) up to Mn rank, or can restructure them as per the conventional Body Transformation. If Joyboy attempts to affect a character, and that fails, either because of effective psychic defenses or resistance to the transformation, Joyboy must make a Yellow Psyche FEAT or pass out for 1-10 rounds. In any case, Joyboy's power is mostly instinctive; he has no control over how his power might affect a character. The effects wear off after 3-30 rounds."	Body Transformation-Others
Body Transformation (Others) Mn	Body Transformation-Others
Body Transformation others Mn	Body Transformation-Others
"Compress Others Through physical contact, Paper Doll is able to compress other people as well as just other parts of their body with Am ability. This process causes excruciating pain to the victim. They must make a Red Endurance FEAT vs. passing out for 1-10 rounds."	Body Transformation-Others
Deconstruction Am ability to totally deconstruct a human body into its base parts whilst keeping the person alive.	Body Transformation-Others
"DNA Manipulation Mn ability to manipulate the DNA of others, breaking it down at the molecular level."	Body Transformation-Others
Golden Touch Am ability to transform organic and inorganic objects into gold by touch. Objects become In material	Body Transformation-Others
"Petrification Touch The Grey Gargoyle transforms people or objects to stone for 1 hour by touching them with his right hand with a Fighting FEAT roll. Against people, this power works through clothes but touching someone in a battlesuit affects only the suit, not the wearer. Objects become In material and the Grey Gargoyle often uses them as Blunt weapons. This power is ""non-conductive""; if two people were holding hands and the Grey Gargoyle touched one of them, only the one he touched would be affected. With really big objects, a volume of 10 cubic yards can be transformed with a single touch. The Grey Gargoyle wears a special protective glove when he does not want to use this power."	Body Transformation-Others
"Petrification Vision Mokk transforms people or objects to stone for 1 hour by looking directly into his victim's eyes. Objects become In material and the Grey Gargoyle often uses them as Blunt weapons. This power is ""non-conductive""; if two people were holding hands and Mokk looked at one of them, only the one he touched would be affected. Those with protected vision are immune to its effects."	Body Transformation-Others
"Petrifying Kiss If annoyed, Lorelei may kiss a member of the opposite sex and transform them into a granite statue. The target must be willing and may make an Endurance FEAT roll to avoid the effects of the kiss."	Body Transformation-Others
Petrifying Vision Gorgon can turn any human beings into a statue by making eye contact. They will have In strength material. It is unknown if it is permanent or not	Body Transformation-Others
Phase Others Am ability	Body Transformation-Others
Shrink Others Un	Body Transformation-Others
"Atomic Alteration of Others Recently, Collective Man is able to physically transform numerous individuals into Collective Men such as themselves with Am ability, which gives them the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Others
"Mark of Kaine Gd, After defeating an opponent, (more often than not, they are dead) Kaine leaves his ""mark"" on them. This is a form of concentrated cell degeneration that is limited to the range of touch. Kaine usually places this mark on the face."	Body Transformation-Others
Abomination Form Carlson is able to transform on demand from his normal form into the Teen Abomination form. His transformation takes 1 turn. His Teen Abomination form provides him with the following:	Body Transformation-Others
Transformation of others Amelia can transform others into mist with Am ability. Victims are allowed an Endurance FEAT against Am intensity to resist the transformation. -Flight	Body Transformation-Others;Flight
Unlimited Shape-Shifting Am	Body Transformation-Self
"Alter Appearance Un, including all sight and touch components."	Body Transformation-Self
Alteration Appearance Rm	Body Transformation-Self
Alteration-Appearance Am	Body Transformation-Self
"Appearance Alteration Rm ability to alter her physical appearance including her hair and clothing, and can even mimic inanimate objects."	Body Transformation-Self
Body Part Control Am ability to command any body part severed from her.	Body Transformation-Self
"Body Transformation (Self) Am ability to transform her body, causing herself to become immensely strong (by increasing the density of her muscle tissues) and massively obese. (She weighs in at over 1,100 pounds when at full expansion.) While in this transformed state, she has the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Bone Control Am, Marrow is able to extend her bones on command and perform the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Bone Growth Am, may grow back or back to normal size"	Body Transformation-Self
Chemical Secretion Powderkeg secretes a chemical similar to nitroglycerin from the pores of his skin with Am ability. He is able to perform the following power stunts:	Body Transformation-Self
"Compression Mn ability to compress her body. After getting into her father's dimensional compressor, Piper is able to become paper thin by compressing her body. It allows her to perform the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Demonic Limbs At will, Master Pandemonium can detach his arms and legs, which are actually demons. Pandemonium has Un control over his demons, whose stats are:"	Body Transformation-Self
Detach Head Elsie-Dee is able to detach her head and control her body remotely with In ability	Body Transformation-Self
"Detachable Arms If his arms are detached (which often happens) and he is Stunned by an attack, they can act independently (though they are still under his control. Since they only crawl around on the ground.at the rate of 1 area every 2 rounds. Half-Life usually instructs them to rejoin with his main body"	Body Transformation-Self
"Granite Form In, gives Onyxx the following power stunts"	Body Transformation-Self
Life Support When parts of his body are severed he can reattach them by holding them in place when he return to normal.	Life Support
"Limited Shape-Shifting Death's Head II's right arm is made from fluid ductile molybdenum which can be change in to for objects. All objects below are made of molybdenum, Sh-X material"	Body Transformation-Self
Mimick Human Forms Am	Body Transformation-Self
Mineral Body Dust can transform her body into sand-like particles under her direct control.	Body Transformation-Self
Molten Form Mark Raxton's body was permanently bonded with a liquid metal alloy derived from organic components found within a meteor that fell to Earth. His very body gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Morphogenetics Kamala's cells manifest mutable properties due to the fact that she is able to stretch, deform, expand, or compress her entire body or parts thereof into any contiguous shape she can imagine for a variety of uses"	Body Transformation-Self
Reconfiguration Mn ability to change herself into different types of gases	Body Transformation-Self
Reconstruction Danger is able to reconfigure her body to create such things as weapons and wings with Mn ability	Body Transformation-Self
Shape Alterartion Ex	Body Transformation-Self
Shape Alteration Ex	Body Transformation-Self
"Shape Change Alter Ego has the Un ability to alter his surface and interior, in any manner he sees fit. He can use this power for the purpose of providing air and/or sustenance for beings on his surface, or to deprive such beings of these things. Furthermore, Alter Ego has developed the following power stunts"	Body Transformation-Self
"Shape Changing Ex, Manowar has the consistency of a jellyfish and appears to be able to make his membranous form grow to greater sizes in order to engulf his victims."	Body Transformation-Self
Shape Shifting Am ability to reshape her body in a variety of ways and means:	Body Transformation-Self
Shape-Change Am	Body Transformation-Self
Shape-change Am (possibly)	Body Transformation-Self
Shape-Change (Others) Un	Body Transformation-Self
Shape-Change (Self) Un	Body Transformation-Self
Shape-Change Others Un	Body Transformation-Self
"Shape-Changing Mn ability to change her physical structure, allowing her to perform, but not limited to, the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Shape-Shifting Un ability to assume any humanoid shape. As long as the shape this Skrull has chosen is maintained, it cannot be detected"	Body Transformation-Self
"Shape-shifting Mn, Her body is silver and gives her Rm protection. Able to transform into any creature from the jungle, has transformed into the following"	Body Transformation-Self
"Shape-Shifting, Unlimited gaining stats and abilities, but retaining Health."	Body Transformation-Self
Shapechange Limited to basic shapes.	Body Transformation-Self
Shapechange Others Un	Body Transformation-Self
"Shapechanging Mn, Fenris can change his shape to appear as virtually any type of creature, man or even god."	Body Transformation-Self
"Shapeshifting To aid their covert surveillance of the universe, all Watchers have the Un ability to transform themselves to mimic whatever lifeform they are observing."	Body Transformation-Self
Size Manipulation Un	Body Transformation-Self
Topological Change Ex ability to alter his basic outline. Power stunts include	Body Transformation-Self
Topology Am ability to reform her body at will	Body Transformation-Self
"Transformation (Bat) In ability, gives Hannibal King the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Transformation (Mist) In ability, gives Hannibal King the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Transformation (Werewolf) In ability, gives Hannibal King the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Transformation (Wolf) In ability, gives Hannibal King the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Transmorph Am ability to fuse his looks with anyone else, not becoming that person, but a close duplicate in both appearance and sound."	Body Transformation-Self
Water Transformation He can transform any or all of his body into a coherent watery mass which cannot be killed by transformation into vapor. He has developed the following power stunts	Body Transformation-Self
Wolf Form 	Body Transformation-Self
Wolfoid Form 	Body Transformation-Self
"Energy Body Un, gives Holocaust the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Flatness His entire body is about 1 inch thick. He gains the following power stunts:	Body Transformation-Self
"Adamantium Coils CL1000 material, Constrictor can perform the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Adaption Un, Darwin has the power of ""reactive evolution"". The exact nature and limits of his powers have not been revealed, but what this basically means is that his body automatically adapts to any situation or environment he is placed in, allowing him to survive (as far as has been shown) anything. Examples of his powers include gaining"	Body Transformation-Self
Adaptoid Physique The Ultra-Adaptoid is controlled from the A.I.M. Central Command. It has disguised itself as the Chameleon. It also has the following power stunts:	Body Transformation-Self
Allter Ego 	Body Transformation-Self
"Alter Ego Rick can revert between his A-Bomb and <a href=""/comics/benriely/rickjones2.html"">normal form</a>."	Body Transformation-Self
Amalgamation CL1000 ability to combined two people from opposite universes together to share their powers. He is also able to change them back to their normal states.	Body Transformation-Self
Ape-Like Form Devlor is able to transform into an ape-like form that gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Binary Form Carol can transform herself into her Binary form at will. In this form, her personality, memories, etc. do not alter, only her appearance. Her skin turns deep red and her hair turns to cold flame. She cannot stay in this form indefinitely, but the length of time has yet to be determined. The length of time would depend on her expenditure of power (if she were to be used as a sort of living battery, her powers could be depleted in a matter of hours). She can perform the following power stunts in this form"	Body Transformation-Self
Bio-Electrical Form Scanner is able to transform her body into a bio-electrical hologram. While in holographic form she has the following abilities	Body Transformation-Self
"Bio-Paraffin Body Glob Herman's body is composed almost entirely of bio-paraffin (living wax), with his skeleton and major organs floating inside. This gives him the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Blood Dragon Transformation Whedon's transformation can be triggered consciously or by the presence of blood, Evangeline transforms into a red dragon, giving her the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Body Transformation Amelia's body is naturally in mist form and requires an act of conscious will, to become solid. She has developed the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Body Transformation-Self Charcoal has a body composed of carbon. He can take on any form of carbon, from soft, heavy coal to pure diamond. This allows him to alter his material strength, and thus Body Armor, giving him from Gd to Mn protection from physical and energy attacks."	Body Transformation-Self
"Brute Form Reed Richards can change into the Brute, giving him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Clone Bodies Zola is able to create and duplicate bodies into which he can mentally project his life force, thus enabling him to escape capture or death. Bio-Servants operate under Zola's control and house Zola's mind and lifeforce."	Body Transformation-Self
Cloned Body Mikhail Zamor was a 60-year-old Polish general whose consciousness was transferred to a younger clone body. It grants him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Cloned Parts Parts of her body were replaced with parts cloned from Abomination. While her Abomination parts possess superhuman qualities, her human parts retain normal human strength and durability. This gives her the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Combined Physiology Malcolm Gregory ""Greg"" Murphy, as the Man-Eater, is a merged tiger and human, in body and mind. His form gives him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Crystalline Body Prism's body is made from a brittle glass-like material that gives him great powers and disadvantages	Body Transformation-Self
Darkchilde A manifestation of her dark side Magik could change into the Darkchilde when performing an evil act. The ultimate form was assumed during the Inferno. Her stats were affected as with the armor connected to her sword and she could use all spells on Earth as well.	Body Transformation-Self
Diamond Body Diamondhead's very body gives him the following power stunts:	Body Transformation-Self
Diamond Hard Skin Provides Penance with the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Diamond Marrow Bling's bone marrow is able to produce diamonds of varying quantity, Bling is capable of the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
Digitized Body Cache's digitized body gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
Dinosaur Form Dr. Vincent Stegron changed himself in a humanoid dinosaur. Stegron has the following power stunts	Body Transformation-Self
"Dragon Form Moondragon now has taken the form of a dragon, which gives her the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
Electro-Plasm Form Steve's form is made of electro-plasm	Body Transformation-Self
Energy Aura Melody can projects an energy aura enabling her to perform the following power stunts:	Body Transformation-Self
"Energy Being Malice is a being of pure thought without physical form. In energy form, Malice can only be hurt by attacks with the same type of energy of which Malice is composed (discovering this would be a power stunt of Mn intensity for an energy manipulator such as Captain Marvel or a scientist such as Reed Richards)."	Body Transformation-Self
Energy Source Death's Head II draws the energy for his cyborg body from a fusion reactor in his thorax cavity.	Body Transformation-Self
"Enhanced Body Due to his body alteration, the Kangaroo could perform the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
Enhanced Goblin Physiology Lily Hollister absorbed a unique variation of the Goblin Serum that allows her to shape-shift into a goblin. Her very body gives her the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Enhanced Legs Through intense training, Gamecock has increased the strength of his legs to peak human levels. This allows him to perform the following FEATs:"	Body Transformation-Self
Enhanced Mind The Leader's gamma-irradiated brain gives him total memory recall and flawless logic.	Body Transformation-Self
"Enhanced Physiology After exposure to a massive dose of cosmic radiation, Dr. Midas was transformed into the Cosmic Man, a Thing-like creature possessing powers similar to the Fantastic Four. He has demonstrated the following:"	Body Transformation-Self
Enhanced Strength Able to increase her Strength to  by drawing from the planet itself	Body Transformation-Self
Fire Sheath Fever Pitch has been reduced to a flaming skeleton by organic flame abilities. This gives him the following power stunts	Body Transformation-Self
Fire/Rock Form Inferno is able to engulf his entire body into a flame/rock form that provides:	Body Transformation-Self
Fist Weapons Kamala can grow the size of her fists and improve her physical	Body Transformation-Self
Fit Through Cracks Flatman is capable of flattening himself enough that he can slip into small cracks and under doors with ease.	Body Transformation-Self
Flame Sheath Can form a sheath of In intensity flame around himself	Body Transformation-Self
"Flowers of Krakoa These are specialized plants which are created by the Island and have been utilized by the Mutant Nation. Each flower is linked to Krakoa no matter how far it is from the island. They have been planted as far away as the Blue Area of the Moon. A flower was even planted in Otherworld, but it required the life-force of several Externals in order forge a gateway with the island."	Body Transformation-Self
Fredzilla Form Fred is able to transform into a lizard-like creature that gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Fused Brain After fusing his own brain with that of Charles Xavier, the new Red Skull has the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Fydor Form When Rakkus battled Quicksilver, Crystal and the High Evolutionary, he had been possessing the body of Fydor, a close friend of Bova, a con&#64257;dant and creation of the High Evolutionary, in an attempt to draw him out for assassination. The stats presented are for him in the form of a giant reptilian and here are the powers he displayed in that form:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Gamma Body Since the splitting of Banner and the Hulk during the Onslaught affair, the Hulk seems to be a sort of energy creature that is losing energy to the pocket dimension which contains his other self. This is causing the Hulk to die while affecting his environment. His Endurance drops by 1 points every hour. He also has the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Gamma Form Ogress was exposed to gamma radiation, giving her the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Gamma Physiology Scientists working on a cure for pre-menstrual syndrome accidentally used this cure to permanently form Abominatrix, giving her the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Gamma Ray Bombardment All of Rhino's superhuman attributes are the result of treatments involving gamma radiation. The controlled bombardment fortified his cellular structure and added several hundred pounds of muscle and bone tissue to his body. It gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Gargoyle Form Gargouille's body was mutated at maturity, to the form he has resembling that of a gargoyle. This form grants her the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Glass Body Any one Blunt attack that does In or greater damage causes him to shatter	Body Transformation-Self
Goat Body Woodgod's lower body is like that of a goat. It gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Goblin Formula-Enhanced Carnage Symbiote After drinking the Goblin Formula again since managing to eject the nanites nullifying its effect, and bonding with the Carnage symbiote, which covers his body in red and black biomass. Red Goblin and the Carnage Symbiote must be attacked separately. When you try to attack them, you're -6cs to attack. It has Rm resistance against attacks and has 30 health. The Carnage Symbiote can regenerate 6 points of health a round. When the Symbiote fall to 0 health, it is knocked unconscious for 1-10 rounds. An offspring of Venom's Symbiote, the Symbiote itself has the same abilities as Venom's Symbiote. The powers granted to Red Goblin are somewhat different:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Goblin Physiology Green Goblin sprayed the Goblin Formula on Carlie, which transformed her into one of them. It gave her the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Golden Form Midas’ body is now covered in gold. This gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Gorilla Body Nagan’s head is grafted onto the body of a 600 lb. black gorilla. He has trained in the use of this body to exceed the physical prowess of most gorillas, reflected in the statistics above. Has the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Gorilla Form Fahnbullah is able to transform into a gorilla, giving her the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
Grey Form 	Body Transformation-Self
"Griffin Form Griffin’s body has had Harpy’s DNA grafted to him, giving him the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Harpy Physiology Betty Ross-Banner's transformation into the winged, gamma-mutated monster called the ""Harpy"" gave her tremendous powers, enabling her to threaten even the Hulk with serious harm or even death. This gives her the following abilities"	Body Transformation-Self
"Heartstar The Captain was infused with the Heartstar, which gives him the following powers:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Hulk Form After being exposed to energy from the Hulk, Ross transformed into the monstrous Red Hulk, a red-skinned beast with similar size and strength to that of the regular Hulk, but with the ability for Ross to consciously transform between his human form and Red Hulk at any time he chose. His very body gives him the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Hybrid Physiology As a result of Karl Malus' experiments, Joaquín was turned into a hybrid between a falcon and a human. However, the falcon used to transform Joaquín was in turn vampiric, giving the young man additional abilities which mostly manifested in being unable to revert his transformation. It provides him with the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Illuminous Form Karolina has a quasi-energy sheathe that provides her no real protection or life support. It does however allow her to manifest her other powers and makes her constantly glow with Rm intensity. This intensity is reduced to Ex at dusk and only Gd in the dead of night.	Body Transformation-Self
Imitation Am	Body Transformation-Self
In this form she has the following capabilities 	Body Transformation-Self
Ionic Energy Body Josten has become a being of pure ionic energy similar to Wonder Man after reforming himself from the effects of an ionic bomb made by Count Nefaria. His ionic energy gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Ionic Enhanced Physiology Josten's body was suffused with radiation from ""ionic rays,"" which gave him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Ionic Form Ion’s entire body is composed of ionised hydrogen. Her body gives her the following power stunts:	Body Transformation-Self
"Lava Form Ember's body has stony skin, with fire visible along the cracks, as though his body is made of lava. This gives him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Lightning Form Am, Lightning is capable of performing the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
Liquid Body Dancing Water's entire body is made of a semi-transparent blue water-like substance that she can reshape at will. She has developed the following power stunts	Body Transformation-Self
Liquid Metal Body She can transform her body into a liquid-like form under her direct control. Has the following power stunts:	Body Transformation-Self
"Living Electrical Thunderbolt Un, Electro makes a deal with Dexter Bennett into paying for an operation that can cure his powers if he accepts to call off the campaign. The Mad Thinker tries to cure him by increasing his electrical abilities, but Spider-Man interferes with the process, turning Electro into an artificial electrical thunderbolt. He has the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Living Island The entire island of Krakoa is sentient, living being. The statistics above apply both to the island itself and to the living form it created to battle the X-Men. Krakoa has the following powers:"	Body Transformation-Self
Living Water Body He can transform any or all of his body into a coherent watery mass. He has developed the following power stunts	Body Transformation-Self
Lizard Form Komodo changed herself in a humanoid lizard. She has the following power stunts	Body Transformation-Self
"Malleable Protoplasm Body His entire body is composed of a malleable protoplasmic substance, which, with the aid of Dark Beast, stabilized in the form of a human teenager. He can assume a gelatinous state through which holes can be cast by narrow or collapse into a shapeless mass. He has used the following power stunts"	Body Transformation-Self
Manifestation Body Infinity uses the M-Body when interacting with physical beings	Body Transformation-Self
"Megamorph Freakshow is able to transform into a large, scaly creature, spontaneously manifest any power or features capable of countering an adversary or situation. Freakshow can manifest more that one power or feature at a time, however it takes one full turn to manifest and function at In rank. Some powers he has displayed to date include:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Membranous Form Manowar is a jellyfish-like creature, whose very body gives it the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Microwave Energy Form Sunturion is composed of sentinet microwave energy, giving him the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Minotaur Physiology At a young age, Dario's family was killed by pirates. He alone escaped, hid in a nearby cave and prayed for help. When the pirates found him the next morning, his prayers were answered and before a statue of a bull he was transformed into the Minotaur of legend. It granted him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Mist Form Mn ability to transform himself into a green mist which enables him to perform the following power stunts:	Body Transformation-Self
"Nega-Radiation Nega-radiation augments his physical prowess, feeding his muscles with energy to give him the following power stunts"	Body Transformation-Self
"New Powers If the Griffin is hard-pressed in a physical fight, his body will spontaneously mutate. These mutations should be random towards an “ideal” griffin, rather than handy defenses against a particular attack. Mental and psionic attacks, as well as magical attacks, will not trigger a mutation. Possible mutations might include:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Nuclear Form After being exposed to radiation, Belinsky's form may have become entirely radioactive energy. As Starlight, Tania is immune to radiation and can actually absorb it to increase her power levels. While her abilities have yet to be fully revealed, she is capable of the following"	Body Transformation-Self
"Organic Diamond Form As a result of undergoing a body-wide secondary mutation, Frost now possesses the ability to transform her body into a flexible organic diamond form. In many ways, this is similar to Colossus' organic steel form. She must transform all parts of her body, rather than selectively transforming certain areas and can remain in this form for an indetermined amount of time. If she is rendered unconscious, Frost's body will automatically transform into its normal state. This transformation also alters Frost's personality, causing her to become rather cold hearted and to lose her empathy for others. She gains the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Organic Iridium Form Mettle's body is living Iridium, except he cannot change back. His body gives him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Organic Steel Form Colossus can change into an armored organic steel form with the following abilities	Body Transformation-Self
Original Shape Sack retains the original look of the person he absorbed	Body Transformation-Self
"People Alter Ego can synthesize humanoid proxies to do his bidding, or to parley with beings on his surface. These beings will have Fighting, Agility, Strength, and Endurance ranks of any level, up to Am rank, and can use any of Ego's powers, at up to Un rank."	Body Transformation-Self
"Plasma Body Un, Firebrand's body has been permanently transformed into Plasma energy. Firebrand has no control over his powers and needs his harness to perform stunts"	Body Transformation-Self
"Pliable Bacterial Stacks Reed's cells have been replaced with ""pliable bacterial stacks,"" single cells which duplicate most of the larger functions of the human body. This gives Reed the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Pteranodon Form If Lykos fails the FEAT, he transforms into Sauron, a bipedal flying saurian. The Sauron form lasts for 1-10 days before Lykos returns to human form. Damage taken by Lykos carries over to Sauron, but damage to Sauron does not carry over to Lykos. In this pteranodon form, Lycos has the following abilities"	Body Transformation-Self
"Puma Form Thomas Fireheart is able to transform into the Puma. The transformation takes 2 turns, he gains the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Pure Action Joystick is able to become a being of ""pure action"" at will, and gains the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Raccoon Physiology Rocket possesses the same enhanced abilities attributed to Earth's raccoons, which gives him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Radiated Form X-Ray has been permanently transformed into a living energy field of quasi-solid radiation. He can't return to human form. He is capable of the following:	Body Transformation-Self
"Reptillian Form Seamus's body is a super dense, leather and scale form that provides him with the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Repulsor-Tech Enhanced Physiology Ezekial Stane enhanced Sasha in similar ways as himself, and these enhancements provide Sasha with the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Retractable Exoskeleton Indra is a mutant who possesses the superhuman ability to form a very durable retractable exoskeleton around his body. The mechanic behind his power is unknown, but he is able to summon his exoskeleton almost instantaneously and with little to no restriction in his mobility. His exoskeleton formerly took the form of a rhinoceros beetle-like armor, but now he is able to summon a full-fledged set of ornate medieval armor. His exoskeleton provides him with the following"	Body Transformation-Self
Rock Form The Thing's rock form gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Sasquatch Form Walter Langowski can change to his Sasquatch form at will, in human form he posseses the  stats shown to the right. Has the following powers in this form:"	Body Transformation-Self
Sectional Plates Indra gains the following power stunts when he changes into his Sectional Plate form:	Body Transformation-Self
"Sentry Form The Sentry's powers are derived from an experimental serum that creates a phase-shift in his molecules, causing each atom to step an instant ahead of the current timeline. Gives Sentry the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"She-Hulk Form Jennifer Walters is able transform into She-Hulk, giving her the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Sleepwalker Sleepwalker can only become active in our world when Rick Sheridan is asleep. When Rick is awakened, then Sleepwalker must return to Rick Sheridan’s mind and can no longer affect the physical world. He can leave communications behind for Rick, like messages on an answering machine. Sleepwalker has the following powers:"	Body Transformation-Self
Squid Form The Squid can transform into a green-skinned creatures with tentacles growing from his back. His body gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
Star Collapse Zorn is able to collapse his Black Hole's natural state. Zorn can change his Black Hole into a Star and back. Shen has the following powers with a Star Brain:	Body Transformation-Self
Tattoo Adaptation Ink has the power to adapt to and gain powers of any tattoo on his body. For example:	Body Transformation-Self
"Techno-Organic Body A possible cross between Warlock and Douglas Ramsey, Douglock has a techno-organic body whch gives him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Techno-Organic Virus The Apocalypse-induced Techno-Organic mutation never left his system, and his natural-appearing wings contain a strain of the T-O virus, giving him the ability to switch between <a href=""/comics/benriely/archangel2.html"">metal</a> and feathered wings, depending on certain situations."	Body Transformation-Self
"that can mimic all the proper functions of a human head seeing, hearing, speaking, and presumably eating. Ruby does not need to breathe. It also allows Ruby to exercise a number of powers"	Body Transformation-Self
"The Other When under pressure, Kaine transforms into a monstrous arachnoid controlled by the Other. He gains the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Thermodynamic Flux Equinox’s body is in a constant state of thermodynamic flux. Theoretically, his body is constantly absorbing and expelling heat in massive amounts, resulting in coruscating flame and ice over his body. While his torso is covered with flames, Equinox fores bolts of ice from his hands; the flames show that he is absorbing the heat around him to reflexively create ice. When covered in ice, he fires bolts of fire; he is expelling all the heat within his body through his flame blasts. The thermal changes give him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
Toro Form Benito Serrano has the power to change himself into a superhuman form that gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Transformation A-Bomb is actually Rick Jones. In his A-Bomb form, he gains the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Transformed Body Dagny Forrester has existed in 3 different states since beginning the Corona Experiments. In her Corona form, Dagny has the following powers:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Transparent Skin Ex, Wraith has transparent skin, rendering his bones, muscles and organs visible. He can perform the following power stunts:"	Body Transformation-Self
Two Headed Bi-Beast has two faces and two brains both of which control the body. The first set of mental stats is for the top head and the second are for the bottom.	Body Transformation-Self
"Velociraptor Physiology Raptor's powers are similar to a velociraptor, giving him the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"Wallop Form Walter possesses the ability to accrue mass from an unknown, mystical source, enabling him to have the following abilities:"	Body Transformation-Self
"When Iceman first began to completely lower his body temperature, his “ice armor” covering took on a snow-like appearance. But as he learned to increase the severity of his coldness, the covering assumed the consistency of crystalline ice that it has today. This ice constantly cracks with any movement of his body, and immediately reforms. (Hence, there is a cracking sound when Iceman, covered with ice, moves.) Through practice, Iceman has learned to control the intensity of his coldness, and he can selectively lower the temperature of isolated parts of his body. He can perform the following power stunts "	Body Transformation-Self
Zombie Physiology Headpool is a disembodied zombie head of Deadpool from Earth-2149. His very head gives him the following abilities:	Body Transformation-Self
"Cartoon Physics Spider-Ham is a spider that was bitten by a radioactive pig. That only makes sense in a cartoon. As such, Spider-Ham's physics are based on a cartoon, giving him the following abilities:"	Cartoon
Catch Projectile She is able to catch projectiles shot into her great mass (bullets and the like) and hurling them back at her attackers with Ty accuracy for -1cs damage.	Catching
Grab Handled Weapons Shang-Chi is able to grab handled blades out of the air and throw them back. This requires a successful Psyche FEAT for concentration and an Agility FEAT for maneuver	Catching
Cell Rot Mn ability to rot any organic food source.	Cell Rot
"Bouncing Hardball can charge for In damage while bouncing around, this also gives him the following power stunts:"	Charging
"Charging Aries can move up to 4 areas in a round, but only in a straight line. He receives a +2CS when charging and his armor provides him with Mn protection against any damage he might take."	Charging
Charging Attack Mn	Charging
"Rocket Charging The Rhino can move up to 4 areas in a round, but only in a straight line. He receives a +2CS when charging and his armor provides him with Un protection against any damage he might take."	Charging:2
Spinning Attack Puck can charge an opponent with Am ability inflicting Ex damage. He also counts as dodging while making this attack.	Charging;Dodging
"Psycho-Kinetic Connection Mulholland has a Mn connection to Los Angeles, giving her the following powers:"	City Power
Climbing Ex	Climbing
Cloud Manipulation Mn ability to generate and control an extraterrestrial cloud of unknown origins for a variety of effects	Cloud Manipulation
"Cryokinesis Am ability to reduce the kinetic energy of atoms and thus reduce temperature, often used to control, generate, or absorb ice."	Cold Control
Crystallization Rm ability to crystallize liquids. Shatter has also performed the following power stunts:	Cold Control
"Ice Generation, Control and Manipulation Sh-X"	Cold Control
"Ice Generation Ex ability to generate snow and ice, pulling moisture from the air. Using this ability, he can perform the following power stunts"	Cold Control
360 Degree Vision Danger is able to see everything around him	Combat Sense
Combat Sense In	Combat Sense
Danger Sense Ex	Combat Sense
Direction Sense Am	Combat Sense
"Enhanced Spider-Sense His Spider-Sense has been enhanced to Un rank and now includes super hearing. In combat, his Spider-Sense sometimes threatens to overload his senses and distract him. Every round this Spider Sense is activated, Spider-Man must make a successful Reason FEAT roll to avoid his having his Intuition fall to Ty for that round."	Combat Sense
"Insect-Sense Am Buzzing, cannot be blindsided and may make defensive actions if she makes a successful power FEAT. Intuition remains same in battle. If sense is nullified, Intuition is as listed and all Agility FEATs are at -1cs."	Combat Sense
"Multi-Directional Sensors The Tri-Sentinel's three-faced head allows it to see in all directions, on all frequencies, with Sh-Z ability. Attempts to surprise or blindside the Tri-Sentinel are at -4CS."	Combat Sense
Multi-Faceted Eyes Kraglin's multi-faceted eyes enable him to see in a 360 degree view	Combat Sense
"Multiple Eyes Eye Boy's entire body is covered in eyes, allowing him to see 360 degrees. His eyes are also capable of the following:"	Combat Sense
Network Command Un ability to command all technology connected to a network in the area he resides in	Combat Sense
"Octopus-Sense Am Buzzing, cannot be blindsided and may make defensive actions if he makes a successful power FEAT. Intuition remains same in battle. If sense is nullified, Intuition is as listed and all Agility FEATs are at -1cs."	Combat Sense
"Proximity Sense Un combat sense, Izo cannot be blindsided, and this ability worked even in darkness."	Combat Sense
"Situational Awareness When concentrating on listening and smelling, his Intuition is raised to Mn (he can hear light breathing 200 feet away in a cave)."	Combat Sense
"Spider-Sense Am, a ""buzzing"" in his head alerts Spider-Man of potential danger. Spider-Man cannot be blindsided, and he may make defensive actions if he makes a successful power FEAT. Intuition in combat is equal to this power rank. If the sense has been nullified, his Intuition is as listed and all Agility FEATs are at -1cs."	Combat Sense
Heightened Awareness Fat Cobra has demonstrated the ability to detect a threat to his well-being in his immediate vicinity before they commit the action and possesses enhanced intuition. Treat as Ex Danger Sense.	Combat Sense
"Psychic Detection In, this means Betsy cannot be surprised in addition to the normal use of this power."	Combat Sense;Astral Detection
"Mark of Aton Skyhawk has the Mark of Aton on his palm, which he can use to send a distress signal to other members of Earth Force with Rm ability"	Communicate
Language Interpretation Un ability to determine languages and translate it	Comprehend Languages
Linguistics Am ability to creates sounds to speak other alien languages that humans cannot make	Comprehend Languages
Omni-Lingual Un ability to translate and understand alien languages	Comprehend Languages
Universal Translator Un ability to to understand various alien languages	Comprehend Languages
"All Speak Asgardians, through an enchantment from Odin, may communicate fluently in any language of the Nine Realms."	Comprehend Languages
"Allspeak Can communicate in all the  languages of the Nine Realms, Earth's"	Comprehend Languages
Language Comprehension Acquiring comprehension of the Shi'ar language merely by looking at written samples.	Comprehend Languages
Comlink 250 mile range and a GPS tracking device built into it	Computer Links
Communicate with Cybernetics Un ability to speak with intelligent machines or to take readings from non-self-aware devices.	Computer Links
"Communicate with Machines, Computers, Electronics and Cybernetics Am"	Computer Links
Communications with Machines Mn	Computer Links
Communicators Mn	Computer Links
Computer Brain Viv's brain can hold and process hundreds of thousands of Petabytes of information granting her a number of abilities:	Computer Links
Computer Hacking Un ability to break any firewall and hack simultaneously into countless computers to access needed knowledge	Computer Links
Computer Interface Un ability to interface with computers allowing him to perform the following power stunts:	Computer Links
Computer Link He could also tap into external computers of Kree design with Rm ease and Kree communication systems with Am ability.	Computer Links
Computer Link-Up Am	Computer Links
"Computer Links Viv's brain also to access local WIFI and computers remotely, she can even act as a hotspot at Ex ability, 10 areas"	Computer Links
"Computer Mind Brainchild's brain was genetically enhanced to function as a computer. In addition to augmenting his Reason, Brainchild possesses the following power stunts:"	Computer Links
"Computer Program Friday was designed as a semi-sentient computer program that had a semblance of free will. It’s artificial intelligence was programmed to exhibit a female youthful, mischievous personality, but limited independent thought. Her programming gives her the following abilities:"	Computer Links
"Computer Transmission Machinesmith can transmit his memory, personality and thinking ability into any specially created cybernetic devices. His true personality is lodged in a computer made of Gd material"	Computer Links
Computer Virus Friday can alter her programming to simulate a computer virus and infiltrate computers and destroy other programming with Un ability.	Computer Links
Connection Rm ability to forcefully link other minds to the Infonet	Computer Links
Cybernetic Communication and Control In ability to control electronics at a distance with his mind.	Computer Links
Cybernetic Link Danger is able to take control of computers and machinery and even give them sentinence with Sh-X ability	Computer Links
ECM/EECM War Machine was built with Am electronics warfare suite.	Computer Links
"Electronic Telepathy Rm ability to actively receive and store all forms of electronic data and transmissions in his mind. His power works passively in a manner that does not interfere with the transmission of any data he might intercept. Charles Xavier theorized that Bashur also functioned as a ""universal back-up"" for electronic information, able to not only sense electronic information being transmitted in the present, but retrieve lost information that had been transmitted in the past yet had been lost from its original source. Treat as Omni-Knowledge (limited to earthly knowledge), plus Cyber Transmission, with global range."	Computer Links
Electropathy Am ability to convert thought waves into electromagnetic signals. He is also has the ability to communicate with machines and computers	Computer Links
"Hyper-Intelligence Lobe' mind has been enhanced with cybernetics, his original Reason and Intuition were likely no higher than Gd or Ex. His enhanced intelligence grants him the Engineering, Electronics, Cybernetics, Biology, Bio-Engineering, Biochemistry and Genetics talents. His cybernetics  allow him to mentally communicate and control computers in his base. It grants him the following power stunts:"	Computer Links
Machine Animation Ex ability to control even unpowered devices	Computer Links
"Personal Computer Mn abilities to communicate, uplink information, jam detection devices as well as other things."	Computer Links
Recorder The computer allows him to record all visible and oral information within a 4 area range for up to 12 hours.	Computer Links
Recorder/Transmitter In ability to record and transmit video	Computer Links
Recording Device Located in his skull	Computer Links
Take control of Computers and Cybernetics Rm	Computer Links
"Techno Communication Mn ability to control and radically alter machines. Moreover, he not can manipulate technology repurposing it to his will, but can somehow communicate with it as though it were sentient"	Computer Links
"Communication Baymax can send, receive, and intercept radio transmissions, and monitors all networks. He is linked to Hiro's personal Core CyberNetwork, and can be summoned via a communication device mounted on Hiro's wrist. Baymax is connected to Hiro's cybernetic glasses, so that everything that Hiro sees and hears while wearing the glasses is stored in Baymax's databanks."	Computer Links
Communication with Cybernetics Mn	Computer Links
"Energy Boost Sunturion can use his body's energy to power any electronic device, increasing its potency by up to Mn rank. Sunturion must touch the electronic device in order to boost its power."	Computer Links
"Cosmic Awareness CL1000, It enabled him to sense the presence of beings and objects in the universes that were somehow of importance to him for whatever reason."	Cosmic Awareness
"Cosmic Perception While she is in her Binary form, Carol has a CL1000 Psyche for the purposes of perception on a universal scale. This means she has heightened perceptions concerning the flux of energy used in the space around her. If on a planet, she can detect the use of any energy, dimensional apertures, stargates, etc. In space, she can detect warping starships, suns going nova, weapons beyond sight, ect. This does not mean that she knows how the specific energy is used, but she can tell its level and its general purpose (dimensional travel, high intensity weapon, etc.)"	Cosmic Awareness
"Danger Warning In, Death is able to sense the presence of beings and objects in the universe that were somehow of importance to him for whatever reason."	Cosmic Awareness
"Demonic Awareness By way of his servants and those under his gaze, such as Mysterio and Peter Parker, Kindred is able keep tabs on their actions with Un ability"	Cosmic Awareness
Enviromental Awareness Am ability to feel disturbances in Earth bio-magnetic field	Cosmic Awareness
"Environmental Awareness In, Blackheath has complete knowledge of his surroundings"	Cosmic Awareness
"Semi-Omniscience From his control of molecules, Owen Reece is somewhat in touch with the universe. He notices displaced molecules to detect invisible, out of-phase, or extra-dimensional creatures, as well as molecules (and individuals) under the control of others automatically."	Cosmic Awareness
"True Invulnerabilty Gd, Sh-Z life-support"	Cosmic Awareness
True Sight Un	Cosmic Awareness
"True Sight (automatic) Un ability to perceive the truth about anything he gazes upon. This ability is so great it may even read the truth about cosmic entities, including such great powers as Galactus."	Cosmic Awareness
"Bionic Arms Un material, after injuries taken on from K.I.A., Constrictor had his arms repaired with bionic arms, giving him the following power stunts:"	Cyborg
"Bionic Left Arm Rm material, the arm allows Cap to perform the following abilities:"	Cyborg
"Bionic Implants All of Crossfire's powers are results of his Bionic Implants, has the following power stunts:"	Cyborg
"Bionics In addition to allowing him to contain, focus and control his power he generates, his bionic systems give him the following abilities:"	Cyborg
"Cybernetic Body Over 75% of Manning’s body was replaced with cybernetics. Besides enhancing his physical attributes and Intuition, he has the following abilities"	Cyborg
"Cybernetic Clone Ragnarok is a cyborg clone of Thor created by Tony Stark, Criti Noll and Reed Richards. Its very body gives it the following abilities:"	Cyborg
Cybernetic Control Winter Soldier can control the arm if it becomes	Cyborg
Cybernetic Enhancements Pretty Boy is a cyborg and has the following power stunts:	Cyborg
"Cybernetic Implants Recently, Peter underwent cybernetic implants, which give him the following abilities:"	Cyborg
Cybernetic Physiology Paula Crane has been cybernetically altered by Alistair Smythe. Her very body gives her the following abilities:	Cyborg
Cybernetics Bonebreaker is a cyborg and has the following power stunts:	Cyborg
"Cyborg Body Beta Ray Bill has powers and physical attributes similar to Thor's, which augment his already powerful cyborg body. He possesses the following abilities:"	Cyborg
Cyborg Construct Lucia's body was reconstructed with cybernetic implants. The implants provide Lucia with the following abilities:	Cyborg
"Cyborg Physiology In order to reverse the effects of a lethal infection that degenerated the cells of Simmons’ body, Henry Hayes saw himself forced to turn her into a Deathlok like him. She has gained certain abilities like"	Cyborg
Gun-Arm Bushwacker's right forearm has been replaced with a bionic prosthesis which can change into a gun. Gun shapes and effects include:	Cyborg
High-Yield Arc Reactor The armor and Stark's own body are powered by the high-yield arc reactor mounted in his chest. The high output of the arc reactor has given Stark the following:	Cyborg
High-Yield Reactor Arc Located on his chest the arc allows Stark to perform the following:	Cyborg
"Infonet In, Cable now has a technological link to the ""Infonet,"" which acts as a surrogate for his telepathy. Cable has developed the following power stunts"	Cyborg
"Internal Computer A micro processor within Deathlok’s skull provided many of the attribute enhancements that the character enjoys. The computer was also able to override Manning’s self-control, making him a passenger in his own body. The computer can be reprogrammed by anyone with the appropriate skills, making a Reason FEAT roll against Am intensity."	Cyborg
Internal Computer System Shatterax had direct cybernetic links with an internal computer system that monitored his lifesigns and his verbal and nonverbal commands for his armaments. This also gives him the following:	Cyborg
Purple Robots & Cyborgs	Cyborg
Pursuer Enhancements Korath was the only recipient of the cybernetic implants designated for Pursuer security forces (to replace the centuries-old Accusers). His entire body has been impregnated with circuitry and power cells to grant him these powers:	Cyborg
Reactor Overload Praxagora can initiate a reactor overload that causes Sh-Y Energy within a 20-area radius	Cyborg
Remote Controlled The arm can also function when not in contact with Barnes at a range of 3 areas	Cyborg
"Robotic Arms Mn material, Gerald lost both arms as a kid, but S.H.I.E.L.D. build him a pair of robotic arms with the following abilities"	Cyborg
"Stabilization Sensors Barnes can detect the balance of objects via his bionic arm, such as Captain America's shield, and thereby throw the items with pinpoint accuracy,"	Cyborg
Storage A normal-sized backpack can fold out from his ribcage	Cyborg
"Syphon Configuration The cranial disruption unit is the legacy of Project Minion that created the Minion cyborg that is now Death's Head II. It was used to download the bio-chemical program of the selected target. Death's Head II never downloads the ""instincts"" of creatures. But if he ever did it would give him all skills possessed by the target. The target can attempt to resist unless they no health. It takes an Red Endurance Feat and then a Yellow Psyche Feat to resist. This weapon does Am damage."	Cyborg
"Techno-Organic Arm Cable has been fitted with a new Techno-Organic Arm, which gives him the follow power stunts"	Cyborg
Techno-Organic Physiology Cable was infected by the techno-organic virus which he keeps under control with his telekinetic abilities. He therefore has	Cyborg
Technological Implants The technological implants gives Suzi Endo the following abilities:	Cyborg
"The Ten Rings of Mandarin Recently, Mandarin has fused his rings to his spine, allowing him to fire through his eyes or hands. This gives him the following abilities"	Cyborg
Weapons Built into the arm are a number of weapons at his disposal	Cyborg
Gauntlets Hornet's gauntlets allow him freedom from his palsy. With them he can also perform the following power stunts	Cyborg
"Bionic Right Arm  Rm material, Gives Misty In Strength for Fighting, Holding, etc., but cannot"	Cyborg:In
"Ink The Squid can exude a blinding, foul-smelling viscous ink with Rm ability"	Darkforce Manipulation
"Obscurement Abigail can create cloud cover during combat situations, allowing for In concealment over 5 areas."	Darkforce Manipulation
Shadow-Casting Rm	Darkforce Manipulation
Shadowcasting Ex	Darkforce Manipulation
Shadowy Projection Azimuth's power generates eerie shifting shadows branching out from her wormhole possibly indicating some kind of connection to the Darkforce Dimension with Am ability.	Darkforce Manipulation
"Vapours of Obscurity Rm, Brother Voodoo’s obscuring vapors, appearing in the form of smoke, are always accompanied by the sound of voodoo drums. This sound has a disorienting effect on others (Fighting, Reason, and Psyche abilities all suffer a -1 CS in the area of this power)."	Darkforce Manipulation
"Vision Restriction While Fogg elongates his misty opaque form, the vision of anyone around him is restricted to that person's area alone."	Darkforce Manipulation
Duststorm Blow-Hard can kick up dust and create a vision-obsercuring duststorm of In intensity	Darkforce Manipulation
"Black Light Rm DarkForce, 2 areas"	Darkforce Manipulation
Create Fog Am intensity & thickness	Darkforce Manipulation
"Darkforce Control Shroud can tap into the darkforce dimension and generate areas of darkness, darkening 1 area per round increasing to a maximum of 5 areas. This negates all light sources of less than Am intensity and causes all within the area (except Shroud) to perform all combat and FEAT roll at -3cs. He can manipulate darkforce into shadows and shapes."	Darkforce Manipulation
"Darkforce Generation Mn ability to open portals into the Darkforce Dimension through his retinas, performing the following power stunts:"	Darkforce Manipulation
"Darkforce Manipulation Mamba has the ability to project a cloud of Darkforce. She can telepathically scan the mind of someone within 2 areas for a single image, the image of some trusted friend or companion, usually of the opposite sex. She then projects an inky cloud of Darkforce as an illusion of that friend or companion and directs the illusion to embrace the target. The illusion is of In intensity. The target may resist with a Psyche FEAT vs. In intensity. Failure allows the Darkforce illusion to approach and embrace the character. The Darkforce grips with Ex strength, and reduces the character's Endurance by 1 rank at the end of each round. If the character's Endurance drops below Fe, they die. A Psyche FEAT should be allowed each round to try and realize what is happening and try to break free."	Darkforce Manipulation
"Darkforce Manipultaion In, Blackout is only able to create geometric shapes, such as cubes, spheres, etc., Blackout can also perform the following power stunts:"	Darkforce Manipulation
"Darkness Field Blackout can leech the light out of a three-area radius, leaving it in absolute darkness in the visible light spectrum. All people unable to see in normal darkness are at -3cs to all Fighting, Agility and Intuition FEATs which rely on vision. Blackout can see in his own darkness"	Darkforce Manipulation
"Darkness Pumpkin Bomb Am, 1 area, Surrounds victim in darkness. Victim must make an Am Psyche FEAT. vs. loose a rank of Psyche and pass out for 1-10 rounds"	Darkforce Manipulation
"Darkness Shroud By summoning swarms of Exolon, he can manifest what appears to be darkness of Mn ability; because the Exolon feed on souls, swarms of it appear--at least to the Phalanx--as the exposed soul of a living being."	Darkforce Manipulation
Smoke This arrow fills 1 area with Ex Smoke. All FEATs in the smoke-filled area suffer a -2cs penalty.	Darkforce Manipulation
Darkforce Blast or Shield From his chest he can do one of the following each turn but not both	Darkforce Manipulation
Gas of Death Death is able to unleash a powerful toxic gas around a target with In ability. Target must make a Red Endurance FEAT vs. unknown outcomes (possibly death)	Death Area
"Killing Bong Ex ability to kill anyone who fails to make an Endurance FEAT, 20’ diameter"	Death Blast
"Left Hand Thane's left hand has Un ability to instantly change the very economics of existence. He lacks control of his power, thus everyone within a 20-area radius of him is killed."	Death Blast
Death Touch Target must make an Endurance FEAT vs CL1000 intensity or begin losing Endurance levels.	Death Touch
Death-Power Victim must make a Sh-X Endurance FEAT or begin losing Endurance	Death Touch
"Disintegration Once every 2 turns, living targets may try a Red Endurance FEAT or die. If successful suffer 1000 damage. 5 areas range from visor."	Death Touch
"Food of Faerie This deadly food, created by Hela, causes the souls of those who consume it to be drawn to Hel, while their bodies are possessed by Dark Elves. A Yellow Psyche FEAT is required to keep one’s soul. If the possessed body is fed human food, then the possessed body disappears and the Dark Elf is instantly sent back to Svartalfheim."	Death Touch
"Neurotoxic Blood She has a Mn neurotoxin in her blood; the paralytic toxin starts from one's toes and eventually works to one's heart, killing a person in 10 seconds"	Death Touch
"Asgardian Construct The Destroyer armor's possesses numerous superhuman capabilities but only if the armor is inhabited by the spirit of a sentient being. While some of the powers might vary, depending upon the spirit inhabiting the armor, they are primarily the same for any. It has the following:"	Deity
"Asgardian Form By wielding the Executioner's enchanted Asgardian axe, its wielder is transformed into the superhuman Bloodaxe, increasing the wielder's size and mass while flooding the body with magical energy, giving them the following abilities:"	Deity
Asgardian Physiology Aegir was the Asgardian God of the Seas. His very body gives him the following abilities:	Deity
"Crooked Emerald Form had a mystic artifact known as the ""Crooked Emerald"" placed in his heart, which contained the psyche of a dead African god whose name and power he now shares. Mzee resembles a bipedal, humanoid tortoise, whose body gives the following abilities:"	Deity
"Dark Elf Physiology The Dark Elves come from the world of Svartalfheim, one of the Nine Worlds of Norse Mythology. Their very bodies grant them the following abilities:"	Deity
"Dark Faerie Magick An Adept of Dark Faerie magic, Malekith’s full range of abilities is unrevealed. Dark Faerie magic has two limitations"	Deity
Death-goddess Powers 	Deity
"Diwata Physiology As a goddess, Anitun possesses the abilities inherent to her magical race:"	Deity
"Dwarven Physiology Screwbeard is a Dwarf from Nidavellir, whose very body provides him with the following:"	Deity
"Ennead Physiology Khonshu has the conventional powers of the Ennead (the Heliopolitan gods), such as:"	Deity
Frost Giant Physiology The bodies of the Frost Giants give them the following abilities:	Deity
God of Fear The Serpent is known as the God of Fear. It gives him the following abilities:	Deity
Hel-Hound Physiology Thori was one of the seven Hel pups born to Garm and sired by Hel-Wolf after the pair were left together by Loki. Thori appears to be the only pup of his litter with the ability to produce speech. Thori's very body gives him the following abilities:	Deity
Incantation of Oblivion He possesses the power to obliterate entire universes if need be. The Tribunal will only do this if the universe is imbalanced in some way and is a threat to the Multiverse.	Deity
Sea Serpent Form Echidna’s sea serpent-like form gives her the following abilities:	Deity
"Thor Form When Dargo summons Mjolnir, he becomes Thor, giving him the following abilities:"	Deity
"Valkyire Abilities As a valkyrie, Jane is capable of the following abilities. When she reverts back to her alter ego, she does not have access to these powers:"	Deity
"Visitations from Khonshu He communes with Khonshu, whether he wants to or not, and as long as he continues to his bidding, he receives blessings:"	Deity
"War Thor Form After wielding Ultimate Mjolnir, Volstagg became War Thor and gave him the following abilities:"	Deity
"Watcher's Power After absorbing Uatu's eye, the Orb started to manifest powers similar to those the Watcher possessed in life, but the extent of such powers is still unknown. He has demonstrated the following:"	Deity
Xian Physiology The true extent of the original Monkey King's powers are unknown. He was one of the most powerful of the Xian capable defeating many of their greatest warriors. It is unknown to what extent his successor has inherited his powers:	Deity
"Avatar of Greithoth While wielding the Hammer of Greithoth, Absorbing Man gains the following abilities:"	Deity
"Avatar of Kuurth While wielding the Hammer of Kuurth, Cain gains the following abilities:"	Deity
"Avatar of Mokk While wielding the Hammer of Mokk, Grey Gargoyle gains the following abilities:"	Deity
"Avatar of Nerkkod While wielding the Hammer of Nerkkod, Attuma gains the following abilities:"	Deity
"Avatar of Skadi While wielding the Hammer of Skadi, Synthia gains the following abilities:"	Deity
"Avatar of Skirn While wielding the Hammer of Skirn, Titania gains the following abilities:"	Deity
Avian Form Derek Morgan is a mutant who is able to shift between a human form and a winged avian form. He has the following abilities in his avian form	Deity
"Spirit Bonding Diwatas can merge with a host to act as their avatar in the earthly realm. The merged host will gain all of the Diwata’s powers and primary abilities, but will retain the memories and personality of the host. It is necessary for the Diwatas to have an earthly host in order to appear in our dimension for any extended amount"	Deity
Piscine Physiology The Piranhas were a group of three mindless man-fish-eating machines. Their bodies grant them the following:	Demihuman Piscean
"Feline Body Feral's powers stem from her mutant feline body which gives her catlike agility, animalistic sensory perceptions, and superior fighting instincts, giving her the following power stunts"	Demihuman-Feline
"Lycanthrope Catseye possesses both a demihuman and a feline form. The demihuman form possesses a furry tail and slit pupils. The feline form retains human speech and intelligence; in addition, the tail becomes prehensile. She gains the following abilities:"	Demihuman-Feline
Lamian Body Reptilia's legs have been transformed into a sinuous serpentine tail. Her arms have been transformed into snakes as well	Demihuman-Lamia
"Warwolf Form When he transforms, he takes on the form of a traditional ""wolf-man"" resembling a man with fur and pointed teeth. Reyna is capable of speech in this form. It provides him with the following abilities:"	Demihuman-Lupinoid
"Demihuman Body (Pisean) The Terrigen Mist gave Triton's body a fishlike appearance. Although his overall body shape remains human, his epidermis is covered in fine, green scales and his internal organs are modified to meet the needs of an aquatic existance:"	Demihuman-Piscean
"Liquid Life Hydron resembles a piscean or fish-man. However, his skin is actually a transparent shell covering his true form, a purely aqueous body."	Demihuman-Piscean
"Demon Druid Abilities After centuries-long exile to Earth, Ultimus used ""Demon Druid"" abilities as a way to return home. He had the following abilities:"	Demon
Demon Physiology Blackheart is the son of Mephisto. His very body gives him the following abilites:	Demon
Demonic Form Mephisto is a hostile supernatural being. Has the following power stunts:	Demon
"Demonic Powers Demogoblin as a twisted version of the Hobgoblin created by N'astirh's magic, has a number of powers that imitate the technological weapons of the Hobgoblin. The Demogoblin has the following magical powers and devices"	Demon
Demonic Transformation Beast’s transformation grants him with the following:	Demon
"Djinn Enhancemnts Due to the enchantments placed upon him by his Djinn wife, Elalyth, Adam has been gifted with everlasting life. This gives him the following abilities:"	Demon
"Escape The creature will try to escape Cullen's body and rampage whenever possible, causing as much fear as it can. When the creature is loose, Cullen must make a Red Psyche FEAT the same round the creature fails to make a Green FEAT. If Cullen succeeds, the creature is pulled back inside his body and can not try to escape again for 24 hours. If the creature is loose and Cullen can be convinced that someone he cares about is in danger or similarly be motivated, he can rein the creature in if he makes a Yellow FEAT in the same round the creature fails to make a Yellow."	Demon
Hell&#64257;re Control Azazel has control over the extradimensional energy known as Hell&#64257;re. He can perform the following power stunts:	Demon
"Heven Angel Physiology The Angels were the inhabitants of the Nordic Tenth Realm. They were a race of extremely materialistic and selfish creatures, who would only be moved by the desire of material reward. Their very bodies provide them with the following:"	Demon
"Host Body Cullen's body is host to a demon-like extradimensional soul-beast, know as a <a href=""/comics/benriely/glartox.html"">Glartox</a>. The Glartox is a parasite that feeds on fear and anger, both of its host and the people around it, to become larger and stronger."	Demon
"Jinn Physiology Dangerous Jinn is an ancient, genie-like entity who has served the will of men for ""eons"", eventually coming into the thrall of the villainous Red Skull. He is able to perform the following abilities:"	Demon
"Muspelheim Demon Physiology The Fire Demons are a race of creatures native to the extradimensional plane of Muspelheim, one of the Nine Worlds of Norse mythology. Their very bodies grant them the following abilities:"	Demon
"Possessed Quicksilver has been possess by Chthon. As Chthon possess Pietro's body, he has the following abilities:"	Demon
"Power Source Mephisto derives his powers from his pocket dimension of Limbo. If he is away from Limbo, his Endurance drops to CL1000."	Demon
"Succubus Physiology As a succubus, Shiklah has a great deal of power at her disposal, and with this power usually comes boosted strength, speed, supernatural level of beauty and some magical abilities, especially dealing with illusions and mental manipulation. Physical changes include fangs, claws, pointed tail and wings. Though with her being the Queen of the Succubus' she might possess even greater potential for those abilities. She has displayed the following abilities:"	Demon
"Supernatural Beauty Her succubus physiology grants Shiklah with an Un level of beauty, her human form drawing attention from even a woman as she passed by on the streets."	Demon
The Beast of the Hand Murdock's soul has been corrupted by the Beast of the Hand. This possession gives Murdock the following abilities:	Demon
Tower Summoning D’spayre can exchange a targeted structure with his elaborate tower	Demon
"Bamf Physiology Pickles is a member of the race of demons known as Bamfs, which inherently grants him the following abilities:"	Demon
Density Control Am	Density Control
"Density Manipulation Bruiser can shift his center of gravity to any point of his body, allowing the following power stunts"	Density Control
"Density Manipulation (Self) Am, Shinobi is able to alter his own density, increasing or decreasing it as desired. His Power Stunts include"	Density Control
Incorporeality X-Ray's density is Sh-0. He is immune to Physical and Energy attacks. He can phase through solid objects	Density Control
Increase/Decrease Weight Sh-Y	Density Control
"Weightlessness lowering the intensity of gravity doesn't allow a body to fly, per se, but can lessen the difficulty of walking around somewhat; an affected character can walk, run, or leap as if his Strength score were +2cs."	Density Control
Dimensioal Transfer Warlock can transport himself between our dimension and the dimension of the Soul-Gem at will.	Dimensional Travel
"Dimension Manipulation The organization put Coyote, against his will, through the same procedure that created the Spot. He can perform the following power stunts"	Dimensional Travel
"Dimension Rifts Un ability to open black holes and other dimensional rifts, allowing dimensional travel."	Dimensional Travel
"Dimension Travel Limited to Mephisto's Realm at Ty, but he needs at least an Ex rank aid to break though dimensional barriers."	Dimensional Travel
Dimensional Aperture Mn	Dimensional Travel
"Dimensional Interface can form their bodies into a one-way portal from some other reality, through which they can channel extra-dimensional energies or materials naturally occurring there. The amount of energy that can be channeled at once is equal to the power rank, inflicting that much damage with each attack. The type of damage done by such attacks depends on what is channeled by this power."	Dimensional Travel
"Dimensional Rift Using his scythe, the Reaper can cut tears in dimensional walls, creating teleportational gateways of Mn rank and range."	Dimensional Travel
Dimensional Travel Un	Dimensional Travel
Dimentional Travel Doorman can bear the souls of the recently deceased from this world to the afterlife with CL1000 ability.	Dimensional Travel
Internal Dimension Onslaughts interior is a pocket dimension which exists partly on the astral plane and partly on the material plane. It's a Sh-Z prison and Onslaught can use the powers of those trapped inside at their fullest potential.	Dimensional Travel
"Doop Land Doop’s body contained a nightmare dimension called Doop Land, which he could access by turning himself inside-out."	Dimensional Travel
Spirit Storage CL5000 ability to seize and hold indefinitely millions of souls.	Dimensional Travel
Spotted Dimension Jonathan Ohnn's experiences in the Spotted Dimension has bleached his skin white and dotted his body with black spot-like warps in space.	Dimensional Travel
"Banishment Ex, this spell will only work on extradimensional beings such as demons. This spell causes the target to be transported its home dimension. The target cannot return to the dimension from which it was banished, unless either Beast lifts the spell, or the target has the means to break it."	Dimensional Travel:Banish
"Extremis Virus After being fatally wounded by an Extremis-enhanced terrorist, Tony Stark had to inject himself with the Extremis virus in order to survive. His entire body has also been enhanced by the techno-organic Extremis virus, which granted him the following:"	Disease
"Retribution Virus Created by Moira MacTaggart (who was under the control of Master Mold at the time), this virus was designed to kill all super-human mutants, but would also kill 90% of normal humanity with the genetic potential for mutation. The disease causes -1CS in all abilities per hour, with death occurring when all abilities are at Sh-0 and an End. FEAT is failed. A vaccine for this virus was created by Moira, and all existing versions of it were either cured or destroyed."	Disease Control
Bio-Hazard Symbol He has a tattoo on his right palm in the shape of a bio-hazard symbol which gives him In ability to make someone extremely ill.	Disease Control
Disease Pestilence has the ability to carry disease within herself and pass it to others. She is immune to all diseases. She infects a target by hitting them with a Green Fighting FEAT.	Disease Control
"Meta-Plague Manipulation Mn ability to ingest and synthesize new plagues without harm, controlling the virulence and particular genetic markers. Capable of then releasing this virus or plague as a combined mutated strain or as the various separate plagues they originally were."	Disease Control
Disguise In ability to disguise himself	Disguise
"Spray-On Skin Ty disguise, allows Deathlok to pass as a human"	Disguise
Electromagnetic Pulse In ability to short out all sorts of electrical equipment	Disruption
"EMP Jesse can cause an electromagnetic pulse (either uni- or omnidirectional) that can disrupt all electrical equipment in a 10-area range. Any electrical/electronic equipment must make a Yellow Endurance FEAT (use Typical for everyday technology). If protected speci&#64257;cally against an EMP, the equipment only has to make a Green Endurance FEAT. He is normally only capable of performing this stunt once every 2 hours."	Disruption
Scramble Electronic Systems In	Disruption
Technochemical Disurption Am ability to be used to scramble technological/electronic devices.	Disruption
Disruptor Pulse Pulse produces a disruptor pulse from his eyes with Am ability. This allows him to perform the following power stunts:	Disruption
"Bank Shot Bounce from wall to wall, Mn Agility for dodging. By making a Yellow FEAT vs. Leaping rank, he can also use his Leap-Kick as well"	Dodging
Dodging Hardball is able to dodge at Am ability -Jumping	Dodging
"Fast Jumps Lockjaw's jumps are so fast that he can substitute his Un ability for agility checks for catching, dodging etc."	Dodging
Banked Shot Rm dodging when making an In charge attack	Dodging;Charging
Banked Shot Allows Beast to bounce off several walls unharmed before hitting an opponent. Rm Dodging in this attack form; strikes for Rm Charging	Dodging;Charging
Creations Master Mold has in the past created a number of non-Sentinel creations to aid in his plans. They include:	Duplication
DNA Duplication Un ability to copy the DNA of sentient beings and use it to construct physical bodies for themselves. Also capable of accessing the full spectrum of latent mutant functions in ones genome.	Duplication
Duplication Madrox can create exact duplicates of himself. Each time he is struck or gets a sudden jolt he creates one but he has mastered his ability to such extend that he can now create dupes at will as well (though he must still strike himself for a minimum amount of kinetic energy). Madrox absorbs this kinetic energy  to form the dupe and he suffers no damage from blunt or force attack. He can create up to 40 dupes. The dupes are totally independend but usually work well together. When one dupe is killed Madrox must make a Psyche FEAT or fall unconscious for 1-10 rounds. Madrox may absorb his dupes back to himself but some traumatic experiences may force a dupe to become totally independend so it cannot be absorbed anymore.	Duplication
Self Duplication Create up to 10 duplicates by shaping flames to resemble his Human Torch appearance	Duplication
Self-Duplication Each Celestial is able to simultaneously co-exist in a number of widely separated locations. Each body possesses identical powers. This enables the Celestials to perform their tasks on several worlds simultaneously. No two duplicates ever coexist in the same region.	Duplication
"Temporal Fugue Flashback can psionically summon his own future selves, creating numerous duplicates of himself taken from different future timelines. Each ""future man"" is dressed like the original, but in a reversed color scheme. These selves do not talk, but can fight, move and act according to the original's wishes."	Duplication
"Cloned Physiology Develop from the original M.O.D.O.K.'s hidden cloned brains, M.O.D.O.K. Superior has a different personality and purpose from his predecessor. His very body gives him the following:"	Duplication
"Last Son of Kraven Dissatisfied with only having a daughter to carry on his legacy, Sergei travelled to Wundagore Mountain and forced the High Evolutionary to create 87 clone ""sons."" Trained by Kraven, the last son killed the other 86 clones to show his worthiness. He has the following abilities"	Duplication
"Ice Duplicate As he grew older, Bobby Drake further developed his ability to split his consciousness among multiple bodies simultaneously. At one point in the future, one of these bodies permanently separated from his consciousness and became an independent entity under the control of Xavier and Raze. His very body grants him the following abilities:"	Duplication:Ice
"Essence During the Gemini period on the astrological chart, Zodiak can duplicate his essence and power into mechanical duplicates of himself with Mn ability."	Duplication:Mechanical
Create Tremors Am	Earth Control
"Earth Control Mn, has the following power stunts:"	Earth Control
Earth Levitation In	Earth Control
Earth Manipulation Mn ability to alter the form of land	Earth Control
Earthquake Create earthquakes with Mn ability	Earth Control
Earthquakes Un	Earth Control
"Geo-Morph Mn ability to control the Earth, Petra can perform the following power stunts:"	Earth Control
Geoforce Ex	Earth Control
Geokinesis Mn ability to mentally manipulate earth. She can perform the following power stunts:	Earth Control
"Old Power From his mother, Skaar inherited the ability to wield the Old Power with Mn ability, letting him channel the tectonic energies of a planet, granting him mastery over earth and stone. With the Old Power, he can perform the following power stunts:"	Earth Control
"Moon Rock Control Un ability to control objects made of moon rocks. As such, he can control Mjolnir, but cannot wield its powers"	Earth Control:Moon Rock
"Arm Blades In material, In Edge"	Edged
"Back Protection Hemmingway has sharp bones sticking out of his back, anyone attacking his back must make an Agility FEAT or take Ex Edge damage"	Edged
Beak In Edge	Edged
Bionic Jaws McIver's mouth and jaws have been bionically enhanced. His teeth were replaced with In material steel fangs and his jaws were strengthened and hinged so that they could open larger than the size of a human head.	Edged
"Bite Gd Edge, even during rounds that they use their tails."	Edged
Blade Configuration Am Edge	Edged
Bone Claws Gd Edge	Edged
"Bone Spikes Carver has retractable bone spikes from his wrist and elbow, causing up to Mn Edge"	Edged
"Claw Tendrils His claws can reach up to 3 areas, dealing Am Edge"	Edged
Claws and Bite In	Edged
Claws and Fangs Am Edge	Edged
"Concealed Blade Mn material, Ex Edge"	Edged
Cybernetic Arm Armageddon’s right arm is a cybernetic attachment that can convert into a Blaster Nozzle which channels his cosmic energy powers. The arm also sports blades that can strike for Mn Edge	Edged
Death Victim must make an Endurance FEAT check and consult the Kill table. Treat as if the Dance were an Edged attack	Edged
Edge Attack Gd Edge	Edged
Edged Thin Man can become thin enough to cause In Edge damage	Edged
Fangs Gd Edge	Edged
"Finger Talons In material, Rm Edge"	Edged
Foot Talons Ex Edge	Edged
Four Horns Am Edge	Edged
"Grapple Claw A claw and tentacle of Rm material, can reach any target in its area"	Edged
Hair Her hair can be used to do Ex Edge as a garrote or whip.	Edged
"Hand of Glory Un Edge, Can scar even Asgardian gods."	Edged
Horn Rm Edge	Edged
Horns Rm Edge	Edged
"Impulse Protection The armor reacts to touch, can cause Rm Edge damage should someone try to touch him."	Edged
"Jaw Bite Am material, In Edge to grappled opponent"	Edged
Jaws Un Edge	Edged
"Knife Rm material, Gd Edge"	Edged
Maw of Razor Sharp Teeth Am Edge	Edged
Nails Her nails can rend things of Un material strength or less.	Edged
Paper Cut Paper Doll is able to cut through Rm material and cause Rm Edge	Edged
Pinions The tips of her wings are sharp enough to do Gd Edged	Edged
Razor Edge The Metal Wing are capable of inflicting up to In Edge	Edged
Scratch Pr	Edged
Sharp Skin Her skin has sharp edges that do In Edge upon contact.	Edged
Shurikens He can throw shurikens for Ty Thrown Edge	Edged
Spear Rock shape the casing into an Am Edge attack	Edged
Spikes and Blades Ex Edge	Edged
Sting All Brood have double tails ending in wicked spikes that have poison spines. The Firstborn has Rm proficiency and can do Rm Edge damage.	Edged
"Swarm of Rats and Bats Used to reduce the movement rates or vision of his victims by half. In both cases, bites cause everyone to suffer Pr Edge each turn."	Edged
Talons In Edge	Edged
Teeth Mn Edge	Edged
Tusks Rm Edge	Edged
Weapon Creation Am ability to form weapons (such as a knife) in a similar fashion to his armored exoskeleton.	Edged
Dust Cloud Dust becomes a giant cloud of dust that causes Rm Edge within a 2 area radius every round.	Edged Area
"Secondary Launchers six single shot launchers, 5 areas, up to Rm rank, 3 at a time."	Edged Area
"Bone Blades Riptide can release calcium-based skin secretions in the shape of shurikens, throwing spikes and barbs that he can launch at high speeds."	Edged Missile
Bone Fragments Yukon Jack's body is adorned with small bone fragments which he can mystically manipulate with In ability. He is able to create whip-like weapons that do Rm damage	Edged Missile
"Bone Knives In material, Rm edge"	Edged Missile
"Bone Missles Rm Edge, fired up to 10 areas"	Edged Missile
Detachable Claws up to In Edge	Edged Missile
"Enhance Damage Amun can enhance the speed in which he throws his throwing blades, increasing the damage to Rm"	Edged Missile
"Fletchettes Ex Thrown Edge, 5 areas"	Edged Missile
Guided Missiles Am rank	Edged Missile
"Shards In Edge, able to fire them over 7 areas"	Edged Missile
"Web Cutter In material, In Edge with a 1 area range"	Edged Missile
Circling This arrow can turn up to 360 degrees to hit targets around corners or behind Trick-Shot; it inflicts Ex damage.	Edged Missile:Ignores cover
"Compound Bow Gd material, It can fire arrows up to a range of 6 areas. By succeeding at a Green Agility FEAT, he can fire two arrows in one round. With a Yellow FEAT, he can fire three arrows, and by making a Red Agility, he can fire four arrows in one round."	Edged Missing;Multiattack
Bionic Tail Adder has a synthetic four foot tail with which he inflicts In Edge. He uses this tail with a +1CS to all FEAT's.	Edged:1;
"Energy Blade Ex Edge, back of left hand"	Edged:Energy
"Energy Knives In material, Rm Edge"	Edged:Energy
Laser Claws Up to Mn Energy or Edge	Edged:Energy
Repulsor-Whips Am Edged damage with the ability to cut through Mn body armor and materials	Edged:Energy
"Solar Blade Mn Energy, it has no range however does extend out 3 areas."	Edged:Energy
Energy Swords These new powers allows him to conjure a pair of energized blades with which he can apparently cleave through anything. The blades do In Edge against an enemy; they can slice through materials with strength up to Sh-Z.	Edged:Energy;Edged;Energy
"Energized Claw By channeling energy to his claws, Midnight can increase his claw attack by +2cs"	Edged:Energy-2
"Heated Claws Tied to his rage, Wolverine's claws will heat up, dealing Heat damage as well with Edge when activated."	Edged:Heat
"Melee Weapons In Edge, all 'weapons' are capable of penetrating Am defenses such as resistance and force fields."	Edged:IgnoreCover
"Muramasa Claws Un material, Daken's wrist claws now are capable of dampening a person's healing factor, making him capable of killing people with fast healing factors, such as Wolverine."	Edged:IgnoreRegeneration
"Psychic Knives Being the summation of her psionic energy, they do Am Energy to a living target and the target is required to make a Psyche FEAT vs. Ex intensity when a hit is scored, vs. In intensity when a stun is scored, and vs. Mn intensity when a kill is scored."	Edged:Mental
"Psychic Weaponry Un, Able to cut through up to Un material"	Edged:Mental
"Psychic weaponry Un, Able to cut through up to Un material"	Edged:Mental
"Psychic-Based Powers Proteus' powers were psychic-based, fueled by ""feeding"" off the life energy of his host body. The more victims he drained, the more powerful he became, although the full range of his psychic abilities was never revealed. He has been known to use the following power stunts:"	Edged:Mental
"Psychic Blades Am Energy to living target and target requires a Psyche FEAT vs. Ex intensity, when a hit is scored, vs. In intensity, when a stun is scored, vs. Mn intensity, when a kill is scored"	Edged:Mental
Soul Blade Mn ability to generate an Energy Blade from his left stub. It is capable of cutting through most substances and insubstantial foes.	Edged:Soul Energy
"Claws and Horns Ex material, Gd Edge"	Edged;Edged
"Claws and Teeth Gd material, Rm Edge"	Edged;Edged
"Teeth and Claws In material, In Edge"	Edged;Edged
"Vampire Bite Inflicts Ty damage per turn. If the victim is not slain, they remain -1cs on all FEATs until a weekly Endurance FEAT is made, and subject to particular vampire’s telepathic commands. Her bite causes Ex Edge damage."	Edged;Edged:Per Turn
"Claws CL1000 material, Ex to Mn Edge"	Edged;Edged;Edged
"Psychic Firebird She can manifest her telekinesis as a psychic firebird, whose claws could inflict both physical and mental damage at Mn ability"	Edged;Energy Blast:Mental
"Bat Possesses Cromwell’s normal intelligence, having bite attacks (Gd damage) and the ability to fly at 6 areas/round"	Edged;Flight
"Wolf Possesses Cromwell’s normal intelligence, having the abilities to bite (Rm damage), move at 3 areas/round, and use its Intuition at +1CS to reflect its enhanced senses"	Edged;I:1
Snakes Used to inflict Ty bites (with 10% chance of the reptiles being poisonous).	Edged;Poison
Jackhammer/Drill Rm tunneling or Edge	Edged;Tunneling
Localized Electromagnetic Storms Electro once defeated the Invisible Woman when he created a localized Electromagnetic Storm. This allowed him to carbonize the air around her and it imprisoned her in a sheath of rock hard electro-carbon atoms. Effectively making a statue out of her. He can perform this power stunt with Am ability.	Electrical Control
Energy Detection Jesse can detect electrical energy out to 4 areas	Electrical Detection
Electrical Conversion Un	Electrical Manipulation
"Electrical Generation and Control Mn, Supercharger is a ""living battery"" capable of absorbing, storing, and releasing great amounts of electricity. Supercharger seems unable to generate electrical energy himself, and is dependent on a power source. He has the following power stunts:"	Electrical Manipulation
"Neural Manipulation Am ability to manipulate all electricity now, and that includes brain pulses."	Electrical Manipulation
"Neural-EMP Rm ability to cause a ""bioEMP"", which can shut down (causing"	Electrical Manipulation
Override Am ability to override electrical systems and shut down computers or electrically powered robots. Robots with an Endurance stat may make an Endurance FEAT to avoid this reprogramming.	Electrical Manipulation
Electrical Discharge In intensity from the palm. -EMP Generation	Electrical Manipulation
"Electrical Form Am, Aftershock is capable of performing the following power stunts:"	Electrical Manipulation
Electrical Manipulation Un	Electrical Manipulation
Nature Control Mn	Element Control
"Nature Control (All) Am, Shaman has the ability to control all four basic elements and the Earth’s weather. This magical ability is sometimes augmented by totems and spell components he pulls from his mystical pouch, for instance, powder to create a snowstorm. The exact relationship between his Nature Control power and his extradimensional pouch is unknown."	Element Control;Weather Control
Elemantalist Un ability to control the 4 elemental forces	Elemental Control
"Elemental Animation Mn, Crystal is able to perform the follow power stunts:"	Elemental Control
Elemental Control Brother Nature can control many aspects of nature with Mn ability. He can perform the following power stunts:	Elemental Control
Elemental Conversion Un ability to transmute elements	Elemental Control
"Elemental Manipulation Mn, Centurious is able to command the elements, such as Fire, Earth, Weather, etc."	Elemental Control
"Elemental/Molecular Conversion and Mechanical Creation Un ability to manipulate matter and can rearrange the molecules of matter to create other configurations. He cannot, however, create life or living matter from nothing."	Elemental Control
Communicate with Elemental Forces Un	Elemental Control
Elongation Coyote can extend parts of his own body over various distances as defined by his spots.	Elongation
Animated Cloak Cloak’s cloak is now more maneuverable and is almost an extension of his physical body. This grants Cloak a form of the Elongation power at Gd rank. Has the following power stunts:	Elongation
Arm Elongation Un	Elongation
"Body Control Rockslide is able to project the rocks from his body up to 2 areas away. However, he cannot control his body parts when they are detacted. Rockslide has the following power stunts:"	Elongation
Body Control (Self) Am ability to control every part of his body allowing him to elongate and reshape it at will.	Elongation
"Carbon Forms Charcoal can alter his limbs to form objects, including shields and elongated blunt weapons (granting him extended reach, the equivalent of Ty elongation.)"	Elongation
Elongation Gd	Elongation
"Elongation of Arms Midnight can attack non-adjacent opponents up to 1/2 area away. The target of these attacks can only attack Midnight’s arms, and won’t produce a Kill, Stun, or Slam results. Elongation does, however, make Midnight’s arms more susceptible to damage, lowering their Material Strength by -1cs."	Elongation
"Extendable Limbs Machine Man can extend his arms and legs out a maximum of 3 areas and can engage in close combat and handle objects. He can step over structures up to three stories tall and climb surfaces at a speed of 5 areas/round. Extended at 2 areas, his Strength is only Ex. At 3 areas, his Strength is only Gd."	Elongation
Extension Fingers Pretty Boy can extend his arms and attack a target 2 areas away. His sharp cyborg fingers inflict Gd Edge damage per strike.	Elongation
"Fingers Rm material, can be elongated at Rm rank."	Elongation
Leg Elongation Un	Elongation
Stretching and Elongation In ability to stretch and elongate herself or parts of her body	Elongation
Telescopic Limbs Two extra attacks per round.	Elongation;Extra Attacks:2
Animal Magnetism Rm ability to make human females want to hang out with him.	Emotion Control
"Burning Touch ""For whoever knows fear burns at the Man-Thing's touch"", when he senses fear his body excretes a sulfuric acid which inflicts In burns on anyone he touches."	Emotion Control
"Calming Presences Mn ability to emit a radiation that pacifies the Hulk, severely limiting the latter's rage-fueled power."	Emotion Control
"Calming Pulse In ability to produce a calm, soothing effect on others depending on the pulsation of light from his eyes."	Emotion Control
Calming Sound She can calm angry or enraged people with a Green or better Psyche FEAT roll (-2cs to resist)	Emotion Control
"Cassandra Effect In potent psychological effect and causes lethal paranoia on the victims, who are torn away from reality and exposed to visions of their most dreaded possible future. The victim must make a Red Psyche FEAT to overcome the effects of the toxin."	Emotion Control
Charm In	Emotion Control
"Emotion Control Ex, acts upon the subconscious fears and attractions of an individual. Though this power can be used to modify any emotion, Animus is only interested in producing intense hatred. Targets must be in the same area as Animus and may make an Intuition FEAT to avoid the e&#64256;ects. Those who fail this FEAT are a&#64256;ected for 10-100 rounds (1 to 10 minutes). The e&#64256;ects of this dose must wear o&#64256; before another can be administered. Robots and non-living beings are immune to the e&#64256;ect of Emotion Control."	Emotion Control
"Emotion Control (Fear and Anger) Mn ability to manipulate the fears and angers of others. She may do this to a large groups of people, instigating riots"	Emotion Control
"Emotional Alteration Orator can increase or decrease a target's emotional state, making them angrier, afraid, etc. or helping reduce the intensity, possibly calming down somebody. He cannot create emotions, only amplify or reduce those already there."	Emotion Control
Emotional Manipulation Am ability to manipulate emotions and cause severe feats of fear and panic in her opponents	Emotion Control
"Empathic Manipulation Am ability to manipulate the emotions of others, sending them into a state of panic by prying into their minds and finding out their fears. She can perform the following power stunts:"	Emotion Control
Empathic Vampire The Glartox is a demon-like creature that absorbs the psychic energy of other people's fear and anger and uses that energy to increase its size and power.	Emotion Control
"Fear His form also causes Fear against his opponents, as per the spell (targets who fail a Psyche resist effects roll are at -2cs for all actions; after three rounds the target may make one more roll per round to resist)."	Emotion Control
"Fear Generation CL3000 ability to instill fear, panic and anger throughout the world."	Emotion Control
Feed on Fear and Anger The creature feeds on Cullen's normal level of fear and anger. requiring him to make a Green Psyche FEAT every 6 hours to keep the creature from escaping.	Emotion Control
Gann Josin Link Proctor can use his Gann Josin Link to drive alternate versions of Sersi insane with Mn ability	Emotion Control
Glamor Rm	Emotion Control
"Glamour Charm Un, Karnilla placed a glamour charm on Ulik to gives him his Tanarus appearance. This allowed Ulik to retroactively place himself in Thor's place, rewriting history to effectively replace Thor. Only a few individuals, like Karnilla and Loki are aware of the deception."	Emotion Control
"Heal Trauma Mn ability to erase a person’s memories and to heal mental trauma through “psychic surgery,” as well as the power to stimulate or deaden the pain and pleasure centers in a person's brain."	Emotion Control
"Human Control Am ability to compel humans to act out their primal urges, by suppressing emotional control in their amygdala"	Emotion Control
"Psionic Attack Pretty Persuasions can stimulate a person’s pleasure centers in their brain. She uses this power with In intensity, and during that time the individual can not do anything until he makes a successful Psyche FEAT roll versus the Intensity of this power."	Emotion Control
Reshape Emotions Rm	Emotion Control
"Transformative Psycochemical Influence Am ability to cause someone to like him and trust him. This chemical influence allows others to feel good, smoothed, calm, pleasant, and relaxed. It also has the following power stunts:"	Emotion Control
"Eldritch Kiss When she kisses a target the Enchantress can fill a man's mind with passionate love and blind loyalty, even if he knows she is an enemy. The victim may make a Psyche FEAT vs. Mn intensity (Asgardians) or Un (Mortals). This lasts about 1 week, the victim may make a second FEAT when in danger of losing karma."	Emotion Control:Men
Pleasure's Kiss Sister Pleasure's kiss does Rm damage to a male she has managed to mesmerize.	Emotion Control:Men
"Seduction If she so chooses, Lorelei can cause any man to fall in love with her. Lorelei can make a Psyche FEAT and the target must make a FEAT roll equal to or better to avoid her commands."	Emotion Control:Men
Aura Detection Am ability to detect the aura of a person and determine their emotions.	Emotion Detection
Aura Reading In ability to read thoughts and emotions imprinted on an object. He may sometimes even read future emotions or thoughts.	Emotion Detection
"Aura Viewing/Tracking Am ability to sense powerful empathetic ties and also track people by following said connections to them, ties of friendship shared between himself and the special class at school for instance."	Emotion Detection
"Electromagnetic Aura Reading He is likely able to detect lies, emotions and superhuman powers in others by reading their biological functions and electromagnetic auras."	Emotion Detection
"Emotion Detection Mn, positive emotions fill him with joy but negative emotions cause an unpleasant reaction. His most hated emotion is fear and he attacks anyone who is afraid."	Emotion Detection
Empathetic Awareness and Link In	Emotion Detection
"Empathic Aura Reading Am ability to read and affect the state of nearby beings including their emotional state, intentions, truth telling, mental illness, and whether a person is under the mental control of Maximus. These states are represented to her as various cascading colors that she learns to interpret."	Emotion Detection
Empathic Awareness In ability to read the emotions of people around him	Emotion Detection
Empathic Dialog Am ability to read a person's history and nudge their thoughts and emotions to a degree.	Emotion Detection
Empathy Mn ability to detect the feelings of others. Empath cannot control feelings that do not exist in the target. Monomaniacs make FEATs +2cs higher than normal when he tries to control emotions that run counter to their monomaniacal streak. Robots are unaffected by his power.	Emotion Detection
"Empathy/Emotion Detection Animus is an empath who can read or register the surface emotions of others. Contact with willing targets, or those targets whose Intuition is lower than Animus' is considered automatically successful. Targets of equal Intuition require a Yellow FEAT and those with Emotion Detection powers a Red FEAT. Individuals of higher Intuition, those unwilling to be read, other empaths, or those with Emotion Control powers are Impossible FEATs. A successful FEAT not only reveals the target's emotional state, but also its cause. In this sense, Animus could be considered a telepath who can gain access to the surface thoughts of an individual through the emotions rather than the mind."	Emotion Detection
Fear Detection T'Challa can smell fear at Am ability and uses it to his advantage when needed.	Emotion Detection
Fear Sense Un ability to psychically sense an individual's greatest fear.	Emotion Detection
"Psychological Intuition Am ability to see through certain personality traits in other people by noting subtle habits. i.e. Shark Girl's fear of abandonment via hand tremors when yelling, Sprite's longing for peer recognition noting her corner eye twitching and Glob Herman's fostering secrets gleaned from his quivering jelly body. He was also able to quickly discern the true motives of two new students who were secretly junior S.H.I.E.L.D agents under orders to report the Jean Grey School's activities/dangers to normal human society and shut it down."	Emotion Detection
Empowerment Am ability to grant superhuman powers to mortal beings such as the Moon Knight.	Empowerment
Enchantment-others He can enhance up to 3 abilites or Powers to Rm levels.	Empowerment
"Endowment Galactus has the CL3000 ability to endow others with a portion of his power transforming ordinary beings into super-beings with Power rank ability. Even his heralds, whom he has endowed with a small fraction of his ever-renewing power, are able to manipulate matter and energy in ways far beyond human comprehension. Initial abilities and Powers no higher than Sh-Z (objects as well). Galactus can magnify, reduce, or negate and has total control over those Powers he has given a target. He can amplify someoneï¿½s existing Powers by +4cs, even if he was not the source. He can reduce a subject Powers any amount, all the way to Sh-0. The changes are permanent until Galactus changes them."	Empowerment
"Enhancement with a Psyche FEAT, he may increase abilities of others. This last as long as Centurious concentrates but may be made permanent:"	Empowerment
"Green 3 abilites +3cs, 1 random power"	Empowerment
"Jumpstart After analyzing the DNA of another superhuman mutant, Cassandra is able to selectively evolve their existing genetic traits as well as catalyze the untapped genetic potential of latent mutants with Mn ability. Once begun, the procedure is irreversible and can often result in unpredictable side effects."	Empowerment
Power Control (Magnification) Mn ability to trigger power manifestations which unleash latent mutant powers or enhance existing mutations in other people.	Empowerment
"Power Control (Magnification/Reduction/Negation) Galactus has total control over those powers he may have given a target. He can amplify someoneï¿½s existing powers by +4cs, even if he was not the source of that power. He can reduce a subjectï¿½s powers any amount, all the way to Sh-0. Such changes are permanent; only Galactus can reverse his changes."	Empowerment
Power Creation Sh-Z	Empowerment
"X-Gene Stabilization Thus far, all of the post-M-Day mutant activations have been wildly unstable. The only thing the seems to stabilize the new mutants powers is direct contact with Hope at Un rank."	Empowerment
Enhanced Abilities Rabum Alal has enhanced the Black Swans to better serve his needs. It is unknown if these are biological or technologically based:	Empowerment
"Neural Jumpstart Am ability to increase the speed of neural signals in the brain, which could increase another mutant's powers to incredible levels, but the effect was only temporary."	Empowerment:Boost
"Terrigen Exposure After the incident on Genosha, Pietro continued to inhale the Mists of Terrigen and has apparently obtained the power, with the shards of the Mists in his hands, to restore other mutants powers with Am ability."	Empowerment:Restoration
"Electric Body Zzzax has no physical body, but is an electromagnetic contruct of psionic energy, 40ft tall. As such Zzzax has Un protect from physical and kinetic attacks. Anyone touching it automatically takes Un electrical damage. Zzzax has also developed the following power stunts"	Energy
"Energy Corona Corona’s cells produce vast quantities of energy which fuel an aura surrounding her. This aura can transmute In material or less into a gaseous state, thus granting her In Body Armor against such attacks. All Energy, Blunt, Grappling and Charging attacks affect Corona normally, but the attacker may suffer up to In damage from her aura."	Energy
"Energy Touch In, She has a great amount of natural energy witch attributes in part to her hyper nature. She must touch a target to affect it and can the cause rank damage from her 'bio electric jolt'."	Energy
"Exploding Hand If he limits his explosive power to his hands, he can punch with Am damage and Slam or Stun opponents of up to Mn Endurance."	Energy
"Gamma Radiation/Energy Manipulation and Emission After her exposure to Eson the Searcher's cosmic energy, Jen was imbued with an additional dose of gamma radiation, making her generate enough energy to incite severe burns upon physical contact at Am rank."	Energy
Gamma Spit Jen's salivation secretions have a In Corrosive upon whatever they make contact with.	Energy
Kinetic Energy Absobtion Vormund possesses an aura that absorbs the energy of blunt or force attacks and use the energy to perform the following power stunts:	Energy Absorption:Kinetic
"Kinetic Energy Absorption Maelstrom can absorb physical blows and convert their kinetic energy into increased Health and Strength. When Maelstrom is struck, the rank number of the blow is added to his Health. Further, if the blow's rank is higher than Maelstrom's current Strength, his Strength is increased by +1cs. The effects of an absorbed blow last for 10 rounds. When not augmented by his siphon devices, the upper limits of his Strength and Health are Mn and 400. He can perform the following power stunts:"	Energy Absorption:Kinetic
"Null Field Aquarian's body is constantly surrounded by a null field that absorbs all forms of energy (Light, Electricity, Magnetism, Radiation, Sound, Gravity, etc.). This field reduces all attacks by -10CS."	Energy Absorption;Force Field
Energy Barrage He can transform the paper into energy that he can blow at an opponent. The energy barrage cover a large area which gives the target -4CS on his dodge. The energy inflicts Rm damage.	Energy Area
"Energy Bola With the power of Libra, Zodiak employs a bola that can create an energy vortex when spinning in complete balance with Am ability."	Energy Area
"Energy Emission Am Energy to everybody within 1 area. If she should increase the effect above Am, Brandy must make a Red FEAT to focus it into a beam, as opposed to detonating everything within her immediate area. Furthermore, the blast effect is increased by 1 area for each +1cs he adds to the power rank; for example, a Sh-X explosion would affect everything within 4 areas of the Star Brand."	Energy Area
"Explosive Nitro can transform any and all portions of his body into an Am explosion. Everything with in his area suffers Am damage, while targets in the surrounding area suffer Rm damage."	Energy Area
"Gamma Shockwave When sufficiently enraged, Jen is capable of unleashing omnidirectional blasts of Gamma energy, creating Un explosions powerful enough to level city blocks."	Energy Area
"Micro-Munitions Missiles could be launched from his left gauntlet, causing Mn explosive damage to one full area and with a range of 15 areas."	Energy Area
Multiple Bolts Rm Energy to all within an area	Energy Area
"Nova Blast Sh-Z Energy to all in the same area as Nova, Sh-X up to 5 areas away. His flames are reduced to Fe for 1-10 rounds afterwards and he must make an End. FEAT or pass out for 1-10 rounds"	Energy Area
"Nova Flame Sh-Z damage to all in the same area as the Torch, Sh-X damage up to 5 areas away. His flames are reduced to Fe for 1-10 rounds afterwards and he must make an Endurance FEAT or pass out for 1-10 rounds."	Energy Area
"Plasma Emanation Sh-Z damage to all in the same area as Sunpyre, Sh-X damage up to 5 areas away. Her flames are reduced to Fe for 1-10 rounds afterwards and she must make an Endurance FEAT or pass out for 1-10 rounds. Lumina has much more control over the area of effect, enough to where one person may feel like they have been sunbathing all day to total incineration of another target."	Energy Area
"Primary Launchers single shot launchers with 5 areas range, they will hold ammunition or devices up to In rank. One or both may be fired in a single round."	Energy Area
Remote Controlled Ballistic Missiles In damage to an entire area	Energy Area
"Shockweb Rm Energy Field, with equivalent of Am material and Rm Stunning ability. Can be created up to 2 areas away."	Energy Area
"Subway, Explosions Am"	Energy Area
Hyper Breath Am Cold within 1 area	Energy Area:Cold
"Napalm Generation Vindaloo produces a &#64258;ammable gel from his pores that ignites upon contact with the atmosphere, which he can then direct as explosive releases of liquid napalm up to 5 areas away, doing Am Fire"	Energy Area:Fire
"Wall of Flames Am intensity, encircling a single area up to 2 areas away"	Energy Area:Fire
"Heat Burst Sh-X intensity burst, up to 10 areas."	Energy Area:Heat
"Hell&#64257;re Bursts Ex, Azazel can unleash hell&#64257;re in destructive bursts."	Energy Area:Hellfire
Mini-Missiles Hidden within the shoulder is a rotative high-tech weapon that the Rhino can fire off mini-missiles that can do Rm damage within an area	Energy Area:Missile
"Missile Lauchers Rm explosion, fired up to 5 areas"	Energy Area:Missile
"Missile Launcher Fire a missile that does In Edge to 1 area, fires up to 10 areas, located in his forearms."	Energy Area:Missile
Self-Destruct Sh-X explosive damage to one full area completely destroys the Argo unit.	Energy Area:Self-Destruct
Self-destruct Sh-X explosive damage to one full area completely destroys the armor	Energy Area:Self-Destruct
"Miniature Volcanoes Mn damage, 4 areas"	Energy Area:Volcanoes
"Aura Blast In Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast
"Bio-Electric ""Venom Blasts"" Am Energy, 7 areas"	Energy Blast
Bio-Electric Energy Blasts Am Energy	Energy Blast
"Blasters Located in his mouth and palms, deals In Energy 10 areas"	Energy Blast
"Bolt Am Energy to a single target, 3 areas"	Energy Blast
"Cosmic Energy Angel can discharge enough cosmic energy from his wings in order to eviscerate planetary fleets. Treat this as an energy attack with a limit of CL1000. However, for each column shift above Un, Warren must make a separate successful Yellow Psyche FEAT or go berserk (see Limitations, below, and note the reduced effect of his armored form)."	Energy Blast
"Cranial Laser Mn Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast
"Destructo-Beam In Energy, 2 areas. Controller's agility is used to determine the results of an attack, not the robot"	Energy Blast
"Energ Blasts Am Energy, 4 area radius if on the ground, or 18 area radius if airborne or in space."	Energy Blast
"Energy Beam Mn Energy, 5 areas"	Energy Blast
"Energy Beams In Energy or Force, 2 area range. These are mounted in both the hands and eyes."	Energy Blast
Energy Blast Un Energy or Mn Energy to an area	Energy Blast
"Energy Blaster Up to Mn Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast
"Energy Blasts Am Energy, 4 area radius if on the ground, or 18 area radius if airborne or in space."	Energy Blast
"Energy Bolt Am Energy, 5 areas"	Energy Blast
"Energy Discharge In Energy, range of same area"	Energy Blast
"Focused Energy Release Am, 8 areas, can be augmented by energy channeling. She can emit Heat and Light, as well as the rest of the electromagnetic spectrum, and gravity. She can also perform the following power stunts"	Energy Blast
Gamma Breath Up to Un Energy	Energy Blast
Gatling Laser Red Ronin can use his shield to project laser beams capable of Am Energy to a range of upto 10 areas.	Energy Blast
"Hard Radiation In Energy, 3 areas. Fired from eyes"	Energy Blast
"Imbue Energy Harpoon may charge objects with various forms of bio-energy so that they release the charge, exploding or disintegrating matter on contact. He can stun, paralyze or kill living beings with these charged items. To date, he has been limited to his harpoons for his weapons, and to electricity, concussive force, or stunning force as his energies. Other objects and energies may be imbued, with the following effects"	Energy Blast
Imbue metal objects with electromagnetic energy Am	Energy Blast
"Impulse Beam Ex Energy, 2 areas away"	Energy Blast
Laser Am Energy	Energy Blast
"Laser Beam Am Energy, 7 areas"	Energy Blast
"Laser Mount In Energy, 5 areas, ignores body armor"	Energy Blast
Laser Tentacle Rm Energy in any direction	Energy Blast
"Nuclear Vision Mn Energy, 10 areas."	Energy Blast
"Optic Beams Mn Heat Beams from her eyes, 5 areas"	Energy Blast
Optic Blasts Am Energy from her eyes	Energy Blast
Plasma Beasts He can shoot forth up to 4 plasma snake-like creatures that can eat through up to Am material and inflict Am damage each. (max of 2 beasts at each target).	Energy Blast
"Plasma Bolt Un Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast
"Plasma Bolts In Energy, 3 areas"	Energy Blast
"Plasma Eye Blasts Ex Energy, 4 areas"	Energy Blast
Plasma Generation In	Energy Blast
"Plasma Generators Rm Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast
"Plasma Projection In Energy, 7 areas"	Energy Blast
Power Blaster His left gauntlet is capable of firing an electron beam doing In Energy.	Energy Blast
"Sentry 459 Am Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast
"Sentry 9168 Un Energy, 5 areas"	Energy Blast
"Solar Beams Rm Energy, 8 areas from the jewel in his forehead."	Energy Blast
"Solar Bolts Rm Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast
"Tentacled Eye The Unicorn possesses an eye stalk protruding from the center of his forehead, capable of Mn Energy with a range of 10 areas"	Energy Blast
"Uni-Beam Mounted in the center of the chest plate, the beam has a range of 5 areas and can produce the following effects:"	Energy Blast
"Wasp Sting Rm Energy, 1 area"	Energy Blast
"Zero-Blasts Rm Energy, 3 areas, not while flying until directly in front."	Energy Blast
Energy Beams/Bolts Sh-X Energy	Energy Blast
"Lasers Ex Energy, 2 areas"	Energy Blast
"Neurosynapitc Disruption Static is able to generate a bio-electric burst from her &#64257;ngertips. While a lightweight energy attack, the real damage comes from its ability to"	Energy Blast
Sentry 213 Ex	Energy Blast
"Acid Cloud covers up to 3 areas at a 5 area range, In corrosive or Am corrosive vs. metal"	Energy Blast:Acid
Acid Spray Puff Adder is able to spray acid from his mouth of Rm strength with a 1ft range.	Energy Blast:Acid
Acidic Saliva In Corrosive	Energy Blast:Acid
"Acidic Spit In Corrosive, fired up to 2 areas"	Energy Blast:Acid
Acidic Sweat Ability to secrete an acid-like sweat from the pores of his body. With enough quantities it becomes a form of energy that he can use for corrosive blasts.	Energy Blast:Acid
"Acidic Venom Rm Corrosive, fires up to 3 areas"	Energy Blast:Acid
"Acidic Vomit Rm Corrosive, 2 areas"	Energy Blast:Acid
"Digestive Acids Rm corrosive, Mammomax is able to produce and spit digestive acids with the same area"	Energy Blast:Acid
"Attack Portals can open up a special portal into a particularly harmful location. This portal is extremely short lived, remaining open for only about a millisecond or so, but this is enough to inflict power rank damage to the target. The type of damage inflicted depends entirely on the place the attack portal opens up into."	Energy Blast:Attack Portal
"Black Hole Brain CL1000, Zorn's mind acts as a Black Hole. When his helmet is on, the effects of the Black Hole do not work. Has the following power stunts:"	Energy Blast:Black Hole;Gravity Control
"Cold Beams Am intensity cold, mounted in the eyes, 2 area range."	Energy Blast:Cold
"Corrosive Blasts He could metabolize this acid into bluish corrosive projectile beams and shoot them from his hands, vaporizing and breaking down everything in their path in seconds. He can project the blast as a destructive blast powerful enough to demolish a concrete wall or a small amount subtle enough to change the outcome of rolling dice by weighing it down. His corrosion ability operates at Ex rank with a maximum range of 6 areas."	Energy Blast:Corrosive
"Darkforce Beam In damage, 2 areas"	Energy Blast:Darkforce
Darkforce Blasts Mn	Energy Blast:Darkforce
"Pan-Dimensional Blast Mn, Shaman can release energy from his pouch to negate any extradimensionally created spell or to send back any extradimensional creature to its home plane. He can teleport himself and others using magic powder from his pouch."	Energy Blast:Dimensional
Energy Charge Death can charge a non-living object to explode on impact. Size of object determines the maximum charge	Energy Blast:Disintregartion
"Disintegrator In, 1 area"	Energy Blast:Distintegrator
"Disintegrator Ray Rm strength disintegration against inorganic material, 2 area range"	Energy Blast:Distintegrator-nonliving
"Magical Energy Bolts Am Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast:Eldritch
"Mystic Blasts Un Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast:Eldritch
"Mystic Bolts Rm Force or Energy, 2 areas"	Energy Blast:Eldritch
Electrical Blast In Electrical	Energy Blast:Electrical
"Electrical Bolt Am Electrical, 7 areas"	Energy Blast:Electrical
Electrical Bolts Mn	Energy Blast:Electrical
Electricity Erg can release the power he absorbed through his right eye socket. The intensity of this blast is -1cs than the energy he originally absorbed	Energy Blast:Electrical
Electricity Generation Am ability to generate lightning-like blasts	Energy Blast:Electrical
"Electro Stings Rm Electric, 3 areas"	Energy Blast:Electrical
"Electro-Blast Rm Energy Blast, 3 areas"	Energy Blast:Electrical
"Electro-Bolt Ex Electricity up to one area, Stun with In intensity. If he grapples his opponent, this intensity is increased to Am"	Energy Blast:Electrical
"Electro-Bolts Mn Energy, 5 areas, and +1CS to hit."	Energy Blast:Electrical
"Electromagnetic Balls Am ability to generate a ball of electromagnetic energy for 1 minute around electronic objects, like cameras"	Energy Blast:Electrical
"Electromagnetic Blasts Up to Un Energy, but only has a Gd chance to hit. Reducing this to Am or lower gives her a Rm chance to hit."	Energy Blast:Electrical
"Scorpion Sting With the power of Scorpio, he can fire In Electrical, up to 7 areas"	Energy Blast:Electrical
Sentinel Blast Lex is able to direct Mn Electricity through his Sentinel for an attack in his Sentinel.	Energy Blast:Electrical
"Bio-Electrical Blasts Rm Electrical, up to Mn when powered by absorbed energy."	Energy Blast:Electrical;Energy Blast
Electric Blasts Am ability to fire electrical blasts from his fists. He is able to perform the following power stunts:	Energy Blast:Electrical;Energy Blast
Electrokinesis He can also channel a form of lightning that he can project as a blast or to entangle others with. This does Ex Energy and can be used as either an Energy or Grappling attack.	Energy Blast:Electrical;Grappling:Electrical
Fire Breath 	Energy Blast:Fire
Fire Breathing Mn Fire	Energy Blast:Fire
"Fire Generation Am Fire, 5 areas"	Energy Blast:Fire
"Fireballs Am Fire, up to 4 areas"	Energy Blast:Fire
"Flame Blast Rm Heat, 2 areas"	Energy Blast:Fire
"Flame Breath Master Pandemonium can exhale a flame blast of Mn intensity and range. His fire, which is magical in nature, affects those who have protection against, or who absorb, normal fire (such as the Human Torch)."	Energy Blast:Fire
Flame Generation In	Energy Blast:Fire
Solar Lance Fire a lance made of Am intensity flames up to 5 areas.	Energy Blast:Fire
Energy or Force Blast Sh-X Energy or Force	Energy Blast:Force Blast
"Energy Projection Am Energy or Force, 10 areas"	Energy Blast:Force Blast
Brimstone Breath Bamfy can breathe heat-based brimstone from his maw at the Am ability	Energy Blast:Heat
Energy Emission (Heat) Jormungard has been known to emit Un Heat Rays from its eyes	Energy Blast:Heat
Heat Blast Mn Heat or Light	Energy Blast:Heat
Heat Blasts Rm Heat at Rm range.	Energy Blast:Heat
Heat Emission Am	Energy Blast:Heat
Heat Generation Ex	Energy Blast:Heat
Heat Ray Am	Energy Blast:Heat
"Cosmic Blasts Am Heat, Light or Force at Am range"	Energy Blast:Heat;Force Blast:Light
"Hellfire Rm, Ghost Rider can perform the following power stunts with Hellfire:"	Energy Blast:Hellfire
"Hellfire Blasts Mn Energy, 5 areas"	Energy Blast:Hellfire
"Hex-Bolts Am Energy, 3 areas"	Energy Blast:Hex
Inorganic Disintegration Am ability to disintegrate objects by dissolving their atomic and molecular bonds.	Energy Blast:Inorganic
"Lava Blasts Mn intensity, 3 area, She can use them to tunnel through material up to Mn strength or less."	Energy Blast:Lava
Lightning Am	Energy Blast:Lightning
Lightning Beam Am Electrical or stuns opponents with In ability at a range of 3 areas.	Energy Blast:Lightning
"Lightning Bolt Am Energy, 7 areas"	Energy Blast:Lightning
Lightning Bolts Am	Energy Blast:Lightning
Lightning Generation Am	Energy Blast:Lightning
Eldrich Bolts Rm	Energy Blast:Magic
Eldritch Attack Mn Magic Blasts	Energy Blast:Magic
Eldritch Attacks Rm	Energy Blast:Magic
Eldritch Beam/Bolt Mn	Energy Blast:Magic
Eldritch Beams Mn	Energy Blast:Magic
Eldritch Beams/Bolts In	Energy Blast:Magic
Eldritch Blast In	Energy Blast:Magic
Eldritch Bolts Am	Energy Blast:Magic
"Mind Blast Alter Ego can focus his will to attack the minds of others, inflicting Un neural damage to his foe; would-be victims of this power are allowed a Psyche FEAT roll against Un intensity to resist this effect."	Energy Blast:Mental
Microwave Emitters Mn ability to superheat matter up to 3 areas away	Energy Blast:Microwave
Microwave Generation and Projection Mn	Energy Blast:Microwave
"Iron Fist Projection Iron Fist can project this power up to one area away, but the damage is -1cs. He cannot use this form of Iron Fist more than once per day. Alternately he can choose to infuse thrown weapons with this power doing Base Damage + Iron Fist intensity."	Energy Blast:Once
Fireworks Jubilee is able to generate and control energy globules that can inflict up to Am Plasma damage and emit Rm Light and Heat within 3 areas. Has the following power stunts	Energy Blast:Plasma;Energy Blast:Heat
"Radiation/Heat Bolts Un Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast:Radiation;Energy Blast:Heat
Soulfire Rm intensity	Energy Blast:Soulfire
Psionic Spear Famine can create spears made of In Energy and fire them up to 10 areas	Energy Blast:Spear
"Power Blasts Un, Raise a single ability score (her or anothers) to Un for 1-10 rounds. If the ability is Un already, it may be raised to Sh-X on a Yellow FEAT"	Energy Blast;Ability Boost:Power-Un
Bio-Blast Chamber generates Bio-energy from his chest and can fire a blast for Un damage or cause an explosion which causes Am damage to an entire area.	Energy Blast;Energy Area
"E-Blasts Rm Energy, 3 areas, in contact with each other, they can increase damage to Am each"	Energy Blast;Energy Blast
"Variable Repulsor Beam Can fire a variety of energy beams (Plasma, Electron, Heat etc...) from chest, hands and eyes at a range of 10 areas capable of inflicting Mn Energy, Cold, Fire or Force. A dual attack (both hands) causes Sh-X damage. An all out attack (both hands, chest and eye beams) causes Sh-Z  damage but drains the Sentinel for the next 3 rounds (no energy beams or flight, brawling attacks only)."	Energy Blast;Energy Blast:Two Hands;Energy Blast;All Out
"Eye Beams Sh-Y intensity, if Garokk used his matter manipulation properties at a Sh-X or greater level, they would be reduced to Mn intensity for 1-10 days."	Energy Blast;Energy Blast;Energy Blast
"Finger Blasters Worn on the tips of his fingers, Stane can fire up to Mn Energy or Force from his fingers, up to 10 areas"	Energy Blast;Force Blast
"Plasma Blasts In Force or Energy, 10 areas"	Energy Blast;Force Blast
"Variable Energy Beams In Energy or Force, 2 area range. These were mounted in both the hands and eyes."	Energy Blast;Force Blast
"Variable Repulsors Located in each gauntlet, up to Mn Force, 15 areas. A stun setting of Am intensity could now target one full area. Also, repulsors could now function underwater at -1cs intensity and half their maximum range in air. Full form repulsors inflict Am Force damage in one area radius hitting automatically anyone within range."	Energy Blast;Force Blast
"Energy Constructs In ability to create psionic energy constructs. Thus far he has only created a projection of his father, which usually looks like an orange hologram"	Energy Constructions
Transform energy into Optic Blast a Red Psyche FEAT. must be made or he takes normal damage	Energy Contro:On Red
Control Rm	Energy Control
Control Energy Am	Energy Control
Cosmic Energy Control Un	Energy Control
Cosmic Energy Manipulation Ajak can manipulate cosmic energy at Am rank enabling him to perform the following power stunts	Energy Control
"Cosmic Powers Un, Genis' powers have drastically changed after he nearly died. He has displayed the following power stunts:"	Energy Control
"Energy Conservation In ability to absorb, store and release solar energy, light and heat. He can release the power for these effects:"	Energy Control
Energy Control Mn	Energy Control
Energy Control (All) Am	Energy Control
Energy Generation Mn ability to generate energy. Lori is able to direct her energies in the following power stunts:	Energy Control
Energy Manipulation Sh-Z	Energy Control
Energy Solidification masses of Mn material that last for 1-10 rounds.	Energy Control
"Lift Objects Am ability to psionically control waves of the spectrum and render them tangible to certain effects. For example, he was able to instinctively, with no training, easily lift an automobile."	Energy Control
"Living Power Plant Un, The Element Blaster initially held a finite charge limit to its ability to channel and redistribute energy towards manipulating natural materials, but after having gained total control over various metaphysical dynamics pertaining to the universe, Quill now acts as his own dynamo to power said weapon of choice."	Energy Control
Radiowave Generation In	Energy Control
"Total Kinetic Control Gambit was temporarily given his full potential to battle his counterpart New Son. At his full power, Gambit can control all manner of kinetic energy with Un ability, allowing him to perform the following:"	Energy Control
"Solid Energy Generation Projector is able to generate energy that he forms into semi-solid objects with Am strength and ability, but is limited to same area range. His"	Energy Control
Astral Energy Manipulation Mn ability to draw upon and materialize energy from the astral plane and project it as the following power stunts:	Energy Control
Electro-Magnetic Manipulation Mn ability to emit and control the energies that make up the Universal Electro-Magnetic Spectrum	Energy Control
"Electromagnetic Control Am ability to control the electromagnetic harness that he creates, allowing others to be used as his pawns."	Energy Control
Electromagnetic Energy Generation Un ability to generate the same type of energy that shield the earth from solar radiation. This permits her the following:	Energy Control
Electromagnetic Manipulation Hyperstorm can emit and control the energies that make up the Universal Spectrum at Sh-Z ability. The following is a list of Energies make up the spectrum	Energy Control
Bio-Energy Control Am ability to control bio-energy with the following abilities	Energy Control
"Environmental Manipulation Am, Deluge could manipulate the environment, enabling him to absorb and harness multiple sources of energy, allowing him to perform the following power stunts:"	Energy Control
Mystical and Psionic Energies Mangog's draws any and all of his superhuman powers from the mystical and psionic energies that are manifested in the hatred and desire for vengeance that are felt by himself or by others. It gives him the following abilities:	Energy Control
Power Conversion Nuklo can attain several other powers by transforming his radiation into other forms of energy. These include:	Energy Control
Recharge Devices and batteries that operate on electromagnetic energy. The amount of time required and the drain on her personal energies is up to the GM.	Energy Control
"Electrostatic Energy Generation Un, Francine possessed either similar or the same powers as the original Electro, which includes the generation of electrostatic energy which she can release or harness for a number of effects:"	Energy Control
Engerize Re-power any type of battery that is charged with electromagnetic energy. This ranges from hi-tech weapons to starship batteries. The amount of time required and the drain on her power is up to the Judge.	Energy Control
Atomic Attraction Quantum's power derives from the attraction between particles in an atom's nucleus. This gives him the following abilities	Energy Control
"Drone Construct Sometime after the Extremis transformation, during at attack by the new Super-Adaptoid, Tony Stark realized he could command several armors at once. Building on this, and realizing the world was becoming an increasingly dangerous place, he decided to construct a ""team"" of Iron Men, hyper-advanced drones that would be under his direct mental command, just as his own armored body. Unfortunately, the ""Argonauts"" were abused and destroyed before they ever could serve for good. The ""Adamantium Man"" Drone has the following abilities:"	Energy Control
"Bio Energy Storage When at full health and in younger self form, Decay can store up to 100 points of bio-energy. Any more energy requires an Endurance FEAT or he su&#64256;ers damage equal to an energy attack of the same intensity of the excess. Decay uses up 10 points of this excess energy per hour at which point when he reaches zero in his storage, he begins losing ranks of his physical stats, once per day. Should any of his stats hit Sh-0, Decay dies."	Energy Control
Bio-Electric Field Jesse could generate a bio-electric &#64257;eld and has developed the following power stunts	Energy Control
"Energy Halos Nightmask's powers often manifest themselves into light-blue energized patterns which manifest in the form of energy discharges often accompanied by strange symbols gravitating around and off of his skin and clothing. It is assumed that these symbols give him other abilities, such as:"	Energy Control
Astrological Powers Zodiak’s powers mimic the astrological zodiac. He has the following abilities:	Energy Control
Chi Manipulation Fat Cobra has the ability to manipulate Chi energy. He gained this from years of training and finally defeating Xiang Yao while absorbing his chi and becoming champion of Peng Lai Island. He is able to perform the following:	Energy Control:Chi
"Hellfire Manipulation Am ability to generate, control, and project hellfire, also known as soulfire, at will. Hellfire is an emphyreal and supernatural flame that burns both physical and ethereal beings."	Energy Control:Hellfire
"Ki-Powers Shang-Chi has some knowledge of the manipulation of Ki, life-force, has developed at least one power stunt:"	Energy Control:Ki
Limbo Energies Magik gained even more power after being host to part of the Phoenix Force as she is now able to conjure energies from Limbo with Un ability.	Energy Control:Limbo
Electric Wave Perception Mn ability to see electronic wavelengths	Energy Detection
Energy and Life Detection CL3000	Energy Detection
"Energy Lock Sunturion can detect, locate and lock onto energy transmissions with Am ability for a variety of effects. By locking onto radio transmissions, he is able to determine the precise location of the source of the communications. By locking onto the transmissions of an energy based weapon, he is able to channel his own energy beams back to the weapon, bypassing any protections it may have. Sunturion can also cause any electronic device he locks onto to overload and become useless for 1-10 turns, with Am ability. Locking onto a signal requires a successful power FEAT roll."	Energy Detection
Energy Pattern Perception Sh-X ability to perceive energy patterns on a molecular scale	Energy Detection
"Energy Perception In ability to sense, locate and identify energy sources, general purpose, direction and the nature of the energy being used."	Energy Detection
Exotic Energy and Life Detectors 25 miles	Energy Detection
Gravitational Senses Mn ability to manipulate energy to perform the following power stunts:	Energy Detection
Heat Signature Sense Mn ability to sense beings by the heat signature that they give off.	Energy Detection
"Detection Am Energy and Mutant Detection, 20 areas"	Energy Detection;Mutant Detection
"Arrow Blast With the power of Sagittarius, he can fires an energy arrow that does Am Energy, up to 10 areas"	Energy Missile
"Flame As this arrow streaks through the air, it bursts into flame, emitting Gd intensity heat. It is often used to ignite combustible materials."	Energy Missile:Fire
"Hunter Missiles Ex material, a specialized seek-and-destroy missile. Has Am speed, In control, The hunter missiles have Rm tracking ability and once having located a target, will attempt to destroy it with Am Energy beams."	Energy Missile:Fire
Acid Touch Rm corrosive to touch	Energy:Acid
"Acidic Punch He was also able to form acidic 'brass knuckles' to augment his punching power. When using this ability, Anarchist causes an extra 20 points of Slugfest damage."	Energy:Acid
"Blood Vampire Blood has a high level of toxicity. Should Vampiric blood come into direct contact with a living being, it will inflict Fe Corrosive for 1 round. If it enters the blood stream of a non-vampire Fe damage for 1-10 rounds. In greater quantities the blood could also have an effect of turning the target into a vampire (Endurance FEAT to avoid). If the Endurance FEAT failed, follow your normal rules for possible vampiric conversion."	Energy:Acid
Freezing Touch Sh-Z	Energy:Cold
"Disruption Am, His powers only affect non-living matter and his own body."	Energy:Disruption-Nonliving
"Disruptor Beam Disrupts electrical fields, rendering electronic equipment powerless for 1-10 turns with Am ability at a range of 5 areas. A successful power FEAT roll against the intensity of the disruptor negates the effect. The disruptor ignores body armor but not force fields. However, if the force field is generated by an electronic device, the disruptor can affect it with power rank ability."	Energy:Disruption-Nonliving
"Electrical Field Pierce can direct power to his ""skin"" generating an Ex electric field with a range of touch."	Energy:Electrical
"Electrical field Range Contact only, Am electrical damage."	Energy:Electrical
Electrical Generation Can electrify the surface of the armor at Am intensity with a range of touch.	Energy:Electrical
Electrical Touch In Electrical	Energy:Electrical
Electrification outer surface may be electrified for In damage on contact.	Energy:Electrical
Electro-Knucks Rm Electrical in slugfest.	Energy:Electrical
Contact Pyrokinetic In ability to coat at least her hands in flames that is potent enough to burn through most metals via tactile contact.	Energy:Fire
Flame Aura Envelope her body in a fiery aura of In Flame.	Energy:Fire
"Incendiary Device Rm Fire, located in Mouth"	Energy:Fire
"Create Flame Creatures In F,A,S,E scores. Such creatures inflict Mn damage to flammible targets, and Gd damage to non-flamible targets."	Energy:Flame Creatures
Psionic Spikes Am ability to create destructive psionic spikes that destroy the physical objects that the spikes come into contact with.	Energy:Inorganic
"Melting She can use this attack to melt up to 4 square feet of less then In material in one round, or burn a 4 inch square hole in In material"	Energy:Melting
"Iron Fist Once a day, may be used. Must make a psyche FEAT to determine damage."	Energy:Once
"Radioactivity Manipulation Hazmat’s body projects radiation and toxic waste. She always gives off Am radiation except when wearing her containment suit, which allows her to control his power. She is poisonous herself"	Energy:Radiation;
"Palm Sensors The weapons he uses have palm print sensors, if someone else attempts to use them, the weapons will self-destruct causing Gd damage"	Energy:Self Destruct
"Self Destruct To prevent others from removing Machine Teen's datacore, Dr. Isaacs programmed an automatic self-destruct sequence that is triggered by unauthorized removal of the datacore. This causes Machine Teen to detonate in 2 rounds for In damage to all in 1 area"	Energy:Self Destruct
Electric Touch Mn Electrical or Am Stunning on contact.	Energy;Stunning
3-D Vision Am ability to see through disguises (i.e. Skrulls)	Enhanced Senses
"Acute Senses Rm Sight, Hearing and Smell, plus Tracking."	Enhanced Senses
Altered Senses All Devos's senses are at In level	Enhanced Senses
"Atomic Vision Mn penetration vision and infravision, 10 areas"	Enhanced Senses
Audio Sensitivity Vision can adjust the sensitivity of his audio receptors to a point where he can detect the faintest of sounds with Mn ability	Enhanced Senses
"Bionic Eye Infrared, +1cs Ranged"	Enhanced Senses
"Bionic Eyes Revanche is blind, her eyes having bee replaced by bionic implants created by the extradimensional tyrant Mojo. These new eyes function as normal ones, except that they also reach partially into the infrared and ultraviolet spectrums, allowing her to see in the dark. Devices which may overide or cloak items from machinery and scanners will not be noticed by Revanche. Her eyes have an additional power unknown to Kwannon; they are linked to Mojo's dimension and serve as cameras for Mojo, so that the adventures of the X-Men are fodder for Mojo's movies."	Enhanced Senses
"Bionic Limbs Bushmaster is a quadriplegic who has bionic arms attached to his shoulders and a 14 ft long,"	Enhanced Senses
Carry Sounds Am hearing	Enhanced Senses
Circular Vision 360 degree coverage	Enhanced Senses
Clairaudlence Un range (2.5 billion miles)	Enhanced Senses
"Cybernetic Eye Infrared, +1cs Ranged"	Enhanced Senses
Cybernetic Eyes In Night-Vision	Enhanced Senses
Darkvision Ex	Enhanced Senses
"Echolocation Am ability to send out a signal toward any object one hundred times a second, possibly a form of sonar."	Enhanced Senses
"Electromagentic Spectrum Vision Am ability to visually see the electromagnetic spectrum to an unknown degree, but far greater than what is visible to an ordinary human or Inhuman."	Enhanced Senses
"Energy Vision Un Energy, 10 areas"	Enhanced Senses
Enhanced Hearing In	Enhanced Senses
Enhanced Olfactory Am ability to smell and recognize tens of thousands of scents.	Enhanced Senses
"Enhanced Senses Rm Hearing, Sight and Smell"	Enhanced Senses
Enhanced Sight Am ability to see and notice things that are up to 50 areas away as though they were right next to him.	Enhanced Senses
Enhanced Smell In	Enhanced Senses
Enhanced Taste Am ability to tell by taste any ingredient of any food he is eating.	Enhanced Senses
Enhanced Vision In	Enhanced Senses
Enhanced Visual Abilities Trevor has gained special abilities due to his extra eyes such as improved marksmanship and nonverbal communications.	Enhanced Senses
Extraordinary Senses Ex Infrared vision	Enhanced Senses
Eyesight Ex	Enhanced Senses
Hearing Squirrels also have very sensitive ears (-2cs to suprise a squirrel)	Enhanced Senses
"Heat Vision Mn Energy, 10 areas"	Enhanced Senses
Heightened Hearing Am	Enhanced Senses
"Heightened Sense Ex Sight, Hearing and Smell"	Enhanced Senses
"Heightened Senses In Sight, Hearing, Smell, Touch and Taste, has the following power stunts:"	Enhanced Senses
Heightened Sight Rm Ultraviolet and Infrared.	Enhanced Senses
Hyper Hearing Am	Enhanced Senses
Hyper Olfactory Am Smell	Enhanced Senses
"Hyper-Hearing Left ear is replaced with an audio sensor, giving him In hearing, In resistance to sound-based attacks"	Enhanced Senses
"Hyper-Senses In, has the following power stunts:"	Enhanced Senses
Hyper-Sensitive Hearing Un Hearing	Enhanced Senses
Hyper-Sensitive Olfactory Un Smelling	Enhanced Senses
"Hyper-Sensitive Senses Mn sight, hearing and smell"	Enhanced Senses
Hyper-Sensitive Smell Gd	Enhanced Senses
Hypersensitive Hearing Mn	Enhanced Senses
Hypersensitive Hearing and Telescopic Vision Up to 1 light year away.	Enhanced Senses
Hypersensitive Olfactory Mn	Enhanced Senses
"Hypersensitive Senses CL1000 sight, hearing, and radio links. Sensory attacks do not inflict additional damage."	Enhanced Senses
"Hypersonic Scream In Sonic, 4 areas"	Enhanced Senses
Infra-Red Sensors Gd infra-red sensor in the helmet	Enhanced Senses
Infrared Vision 10 areas	Enhanced Senses
Infravision Ex	Enhanced Senses
Keen Senses Shrap sense of smell and can see in darkness	Enhanced Senses
Microscopic Vision Am	Enhanced Senses
Multisigt Am ability to see trough the eyes of her golems	Enhanced Senses
"Mystic Vision Shroud is blind, however he possesses mystic senses that allow him to ""see"" without penalty, even in his own darkness. This vision works in all areas adjacent to his own, so much that he can even see through walls and barriers. He cannot see beyond 1 area."	Enhanced Senses
Night Vision Ex	Enhanced Senses
Night-Vision Suffers no penalties in darkness after a few seconds in the dark	Enhanced Senses
Nightvision In infrared	Enhanced Senses
Optical Implants Gd ability to clearly see targets up to 1 mile away	Enhanced Senses
"Optical Scanners Mn ability to scan life forms, energy sources and even objects detecting the substances that they are composed of and the energies that are radiating from them."	Enhanced Senses
Optical Sensors Rm ability to perceive an opponent's skeleton and nervous system	Enhanced Senses
Organic Circuitry Ruby Thursday’s head has been somehow replaced with a mass of “organic circuitry”	Enhanced Senses
Penetration Vision Un with a 10 area range	Enhanced Senses
Psionic Vision Am with a range up to 100 miles.	Enhanced Senses
Radar Rm	Enhanced Senses
Radar and Sonar Detectors 20 areas	Enhanced Senses
Radar Sense Rm ability to map out his surroundings	Enhanced Senses
Radio Communication Am	Enhanced Senses
Radio Communications In	Enhanced Senses
Radio Reception Ex	Enhanced Senses
"Radio Transceiver Just like with her ability to utilize local WIFI, Viv can transmit through Satellite and WIFI Radio transmitters at Am, 50 mile range."	Enhanced Senses
"Radio, Crowds Rm"	Enhanced Senses
Remote Sensing Un ability to extend the range of his senses (excluding those as above).	Enhanced Senses
"Scanners Am ability to scan for life, energy and scientific elements"	Enhanced Senses
"Searchlight Am Ultraviolet, Visible Light or Infrared"	Enhanced Senses
"Searchlight of Ultraviolet, Visible Light or Infrared Am intensity"	Enhanced Senses
"Senses Although blind, Ozymandias's senses are so good, he 'sees' with In ability."	Enhanced Senses
"Sensor Array In Energy, Heat, Radar, Radiation, Sonar and Ultrasound."	Enhanced Senses
Sensor Arrays Am Energy Detection	Enhanced Senses
Sensor Suite Can scan all living beings in 6 areas and determine if they are mutants or humans. Also includes a Rm radar system.	Enhanced Senses
"Sensors Am, the armor is equipped with the following sensors:"	Enhanced Senses
Sensory Array The arm houses different sensors which allow the following abilities:	Enhanced Senses
Sensory Link Am	Enhanced Senses
Smell Ex	Enhanced Senses
Smell  In	Enhanced Senses
"Sonar Am ability to use his sonic powers as a form of sonar (Sound Navigation and Ranging). By sending out a precise, pure note and listening to the returning, altered wavefront of the note, he can evaluate his surroundings in total darkness with varying degrees of resolution."	Enhanced Senses
"Tele-Location Sh-Y ability to psionically locate anyone within 250.000 miles. If the target is well-known to him, the range stretches to nearly infinity."	Enhanced Senses
Telelocation Rm	Enhanced Senses
"Telepathic Manipulation Un ability to manipulate other people's minds easily, achieving a variety of effects:"	Enhanced Senses
"Telepathic Projection Rm ability to ""see items in the surrounding area (the Mind link and telepathic projection each manifests itself as a glowing butterfly-shaped set of eyes)."	Enhanced Senses
"Telepathic Senses Rm, Arcturus has undefined telepathic powers which are currently dormant. He has performed the following power stunts in the past:"	Enhanced Senses
Telescopic Vision Gd	Enhanced Senses
Thermal Vision Am	Enhanced Senses
Twelve Eyes Zodiak has twelve eyes which is one for each demon. This grants him Rm vision	Enhanced Senses
Ultra Vision Rm	Enhanced Senses
"Uni-Mind Like all Eternals, Ajak can be part of or form the Uni-Mind."	Enhanced Senses
"Uni-Vision Un Penetration, Microscopic and Telescopic Vision"	Enhanced Senses
"Web Vibrations Spider-Man's Webbing is able to pick up vibrabations, much like a spider can feel something in its webs, with Am ability. It allows him to find people or an object that creates some sort of vibration."	Enhanced Senses
"Advanced Senses Dugan's eyes are able to see in both normal light, as well as infrared and night vision. Additionally, everything Dugan sees is recorded, and able to be played back via a micro USB port in his right arm."	Enhanced Senses
Bionic Left Eye In Infrared and Telescopic Vision	Enhanced Senses
"Hyper-Smell Ex ability to remember, identify, and track individual targets by their natural scent even through dense jungle terrains or if the scent has been greatly eroded by natural factors"	Enhanced Senses
Scent Rm	Enhanced Senses
Superhuman Senses Ethan Edwards has the following heightened senses as shown below	Enhanced Senses
Aerial Adaption Mn eyesight and Rm Body Armor to falling	Enhanced Senses;Body Armour
"Communications Am multi-spectrum communication with 2,000 mile range. An Integrated universal translator of In sophistication is included."	Enhanced Senses;Comprehend Languages
"Comprehend Language Am, by shaking gravitational particles in the air around them allows them to comprehend and speak other languages"	Enhanced Senses;Comprehend Languages
"Slippery Surface His form provides him with a slippery surface, to which Spider-Man's webbing doesn't stick"	Escaping
Frictionless +2cs to Strength and Agility when dodging or escaping entanglements.	Escaping:2
"Malleable Body Cobra's entire body and bone structure is very soft. While he cannot change shape, he can fit into small holes and is difficult to hold. Attempts to grapple or strike Cobra suffer a -3cs penalty to hit while Cobra's own attacks are on the Am level."	Escaping:3;Grappling:Am
"Malleable Bones The Squid's entire body and bone structure is very soft. While he cannot change shape, he can fit into small holes and is difficult to hold. Attempts to grapple or strike the Squid suffer a -3cs penalty to hit while the Squid's own attacks are on the Am level."	Escaping:3;Grappling:Am
"Sensing Evil Shaman need not cast a spell, because this inherent power will automatically warn of evil. This ability has a Rm area of effect."	Evil Detection
"Detection of Evil When in the presence of ‘evil,' Hamilton Slade is possessed by the spirit of the Phantom Rider. This power has a range of several miles, but functions at only Ex rank, requiring a Yellow FEAT. roll (with possible modifiers depending on the severity of the evil) to activate. Once the Phantom Rider has sensed the evil, it will assume control of Slade for about six hours."	Evil Detection
Battle Suit All of Hornet's physical attributes and powers come from his powered battlesuit. The suit's abilites include	Exoskeleton
"Godkiller Armor The Model GK, Mark 2 is an enormous robotic mecha designed by Tony Stark and inspired by the alien Aspitrant’s original Godkiller built eons ago during their war with the Celestials. It is capable of the following"	Exoskeleton
"Iron Man Armor Model 57 ""Fin Fang Foombuster"" The Iron Man Armor Model 57 is a robotic mecha rather than a wearable armor and is formed from five vehicles. It is capable of the following:"	Exoskeleton
"Iron Man Armor Model 62 The Godkiller Armor originated within the eScape, a virtual reality developed by Tony Stark. After coming back from the eScape, Tony hijacked the bleeding edge 3D printers in possession of Baintronics to construct the Godkiller Armor in real life, with the limitations of his human body already causing the intricacies of the design to fade from his memory. It is outfitted with the following"	Exoskeleton
Mecha Formation The Avenger Five was a giant mecha developed by A.I.M. (Avengers Idea Mechanics). It was built inside the Engineering Division's Special Section of Avengers Island. Avenger Five has the following abilities:	Exoskeleton
Nano Iron Man Armor The Nano Iron Man Armor is microbot piloted remotely by its user. It possesses the following:	Exoskeleton
"Piloted Control Avenger Five is piloted by a cockpit located in the head area. The pilots uses their own Psyche, Reason, Intuition and Karma."	Exoskeleton
Raptor Armor Darkhawk's armor is a Raptor armor forged Eons ago by the Fraternity of Raptors.	Exoskeleton
"Robotic Armor Construction The Squad O*N*E Sentinels are robots that are controlled by pilots, the Squad O*N*E Sentinel has the following power stunts:"	Exoskeleton
Weapon Systems The Dreadnoughts are equipped with a host of weapon systems	Exoskeleton
Weapons Arsenal Manbot’s shell carries a vast arsenal including the following:	Exoskeleton
Weapons Systems Avenger Five has the following weapons at its disposal:	Exoskeleton
"Extra Arms Phalanx Scientists have two sets of arms, which allows them to make 2 extra attacks in a round"	Extra Attacks:2
Extra limbs E.V.A. has four extra limbs that allows him to make 2 extra attacks	Extra Attacks:2
Six Arms Brood Firstborns are able to make 2 extra attacks in a round.	Extra Attacks:2
Multi-Tasking Able to perform up to 3 actions in the same round without any required FEAT rolls.	Extra Attacks:3
"Multiple attacks For the purposes of multiple attacks, Jolt's Fighting is In"	Extra Attacks:In
Multiple Attacks for a total of In damage.	Extra Attacks:In
Addtional Legs Mattie can manifest psychic Spider Legs that sprout from her back.	Extra Body Parts
Legs Spider-Woman has four bony spider-like arms jutting from her back. They offer Charlotte the following abilities	Extra Body Parts
Second Face Johnny D has a tentacle-equipped second face in his chest can perform the following power stunts	Extra Body Parts
"Truck Use as additional arm, an extra attack with Rm Fighting. Able to lift objects with Ex Strength"	Extra Body Parts:Arm;Extra Attacks:Rm;S:Ex
Dual Upper Appendages Jumbo can make 1 extra attack/round	Extra Body Parts:Arms;Extra Attacks
"Extra Arm Miek had four arms, but now only has three. This gives him one extra attack per round."	Extra Body Parts:Arms;Extra Attacks
"Extra Limbs Cullen has learned to exert a limited amount of control over the Glartox creature in his body. He can extend a mass of tentacles from his back to strike with Rm Fighting up to 1 area away, inflicting In Blunt or Ex Edge or Grapple with Rm Strength."	Extra Body Parts:Glax;Blunt Missile;Grapple;Edged Missile
Semi-Prehensile Tail Mn Blunt	Extra Body Parts:Tail
Tail Un Blunt	Extra Body Parts:Tail
"Tendrils Am material, The Seers have several tendrils coming from their bodies. The tendrils are made of Rm material."	Extra Body Parts:Tendrils
Tentacles H.E.R.B.I.E. possesses eight retractable tentacle-like probes	Extra Body Parts:Tentacles
"Wings Ex, has the following abilities:"	Extra Body Parts:Wings
Multiple Arms Freakshow is able to make 2 extra attacks with a successful Fighting FEAT	Extra Body Parts;Arms
"Four Arms Ferro has two additional arms, giving him +3 on his Initiative roll, and allowing him two extra attacks each round."	Extra Body Parts;Extra Attacks:2;Initiative:3
"Tranquility Am ability to remain tranquility during combat, giving her +2cs against opponents who allow rage or adrenaline to guide their actions"	F:2-vsEnraged
"Flame Constructs Am intensity flame barriers, rings, cages and other restraining devices."	Fire Constructions
Control Fire Un	Fire Control
Fire and Heat Control Surtur can control fire and heat with Sh-Z ability.	Fire Control
Fire Control Am	Fire Control
Magma Control Mn ability to call up magma from the depths.	Fire Control
Nature Control (Fire) In	Fire Control
"Pyrokinesis Ex, capable of the following power stunts:"	Fire Control
Sky Writing Johnny can draw any shape from flame that remains for 4 turns	Fire Control
"Blazing Skull Mark’s head can become like that of a Flaming Skull, which generates Rm intensity flames. Gives him the following power stunts:"	Fire Control
Fire-Generation and Control CL1000 flame-generation and control which are restricted to Un in an atmosphere.	Fire Control:CL1000;Un
"Pyrotechnics Mn control over flame. Rusty can generate Ex Fire vs. one target. On Psyche FEAT., Rusty can encompass up to 2 areas for Am damage."	Fire Control;Energy Blast;Energy Area
Anti-Gravity Generators hover or fly silently at Fe speed.	Flight
Booster Rockets Rm airspeed	Flight
"Cosmic Wings Un airspeed, Warren flies by the “cosmic wings” granted to him by the power of the Black Vortex. Warren does not suffer fatigue from flying and can remain airborne indefinitely at any altitude. Angel can lift at least 200 lbs in flight, greater weights require a Strength FEAT. Angel's ability to maneuver in the air is"	Flight
Create Wings Ex Flight	Flight
"Earth Throw Rm, Petra could learn to fly about on a hunk of rock."	Flight
"Energy Field GoGo transforms her body into an explosive ball of Mn Energy which is able to be projected at vast speeds. To activate this power, however, she must utter her name. In the form, she can perform the following:"	Flight
Flight Rm airspeed	Flight
"Flight (Others) She can carry up to six others, but has to reduce her speed to In to do so."	Flight
"Floating Disc Appearing as an invisible force field disc granting CL5000 space speed, capable of supporting up to 100 tons in flight."	Flight
Floating Disk Able to carry up to 8-10 people	Flight
"Jets, Rockets Mn"	Flight
Limited Flight Ty	Flight
"Metal Wings Archangel's Metal Wings allow him to fly at Ex airspeed (10 areas/round), can perform the following power stunts:"	Flight
Parakeet Enables Ex Flight.	Flight
Rocket Ty airspeed	Flight
Rocket Boosters Ex airspeed	Flight
Rocket Flight straight line at Fe speed by directling her blasts beneath her.	Flight
"Space Flight Acanti are massive, (size of small moons) space-faring creatures similar to Earth whales. They fly through the stars at CL3000 speed. Mn combat speed."	Flight
Telekinetic Flight Ex airspeed	Flight
True Flight Sh-X airspeed	Flight
"Water Levitation Bloodtide can use a water column to levitate or project her along at Gd airspeed, 120mph or 8 areas per round. She is unable to lift herself more than approximately 500 feet off the water's surface."	Flight
Web Hand-Glider Ty airspeed	Flight
Web Sack Ero can create a web sack that allows her to glide through the air at Ty airspeed	Flight
Break Fall to slow fall w/ Ty damage to target	Flight
Fall Cushion Create fall cushion that absorbs Mn damage	Flight
Glider Fe airspeed	Flight
Glider Wings Ty airspeed (6 areas/round)	Flight
"Gliding By spreading his wings and riding thermals Angel can travel at Gd airspeed and is considered ""resting"" enabling him to recover as if he were motionless"	Flight
Spirit Nature Scatterbrain is partially non-corporeal. She floats at Fe airspeed and casts no shadow. Gd protection vs. all attacks	Flight:Body Armour
"Winged Flight Ex airspeed, Am Agility. Angel can reach Un airspeed with an Endurance FEAT."	Flight;A:Am;Flight
"Thermochemical Energy Generation Jetstream is able to generate thermochemical energy and release it from his skin. This release is accompanied by plasma (a super-heated state of matter). Jetstream can only release this energy in one direction, beneath him. The equal and opposite reaction to this thrust causes his body to be propelled into the air like a human rocket at Gd airspeed. Jetstream can ram into an opponent and deal Rm damage."	Flight;Charging:DmgRm
"Man-Sized Bat Capable of flying at 4 areas/round, with claw and biting attacks (for Ex damage each)."	Flight;Edged
"Normal-Sized Bat Lilith could Fly at Pr speed, and could make Pr Edge attacks."	Flight;Edged
"Jets Ty airspeed (6 areas/round), used offensively, they inflict Ex Flame"	Flight;Flame Generation
Limited Flight/Levitation Ty	Flight;Levitation
Mist Fe Flight and able to pass through tight spaces	Flight;Phasing
Mist Transformation In ability to transform the lower part of her body into mist to fly.	Flight;Phasing
"Mists Lilith could fly at Fe speed, and could 'leak' through tiny cracks and openings. Lilith could transform some of her body into mist, instead of all of it."	Flight;Phasing
Bio-Electric Discharge Unuscione can generate through her force &#64257;eld a bioelectric discharge of In intensity to anyone in contact with her force &#64257;eld. This requires an Endurance FEAT from the victim to avoid being stunned for 1-10 rounds.	Force
Explosive Touch Rm Force upon touching his victim. He must be in flight and able to move his arms for it to work.	Force
Explosive Force In Force in a 3-area circumference	Force Area
Grenades Tiny iron ball grenades can do Ex Force	Force Area
Groundstrike Attack Mn damage	Force Area
"Hyper-Breath Am, Blow-Hard has the following power stunts:"	Force Area
Hyper-Intake/Expulsion Un	Force Area
Lift Cyclone can lift others of the ground and into the air. Those opposing must make the more difficult of either a Strength or an Agility FEAT to remain on the ground. Opponents lifted off the ground are attacked by Am strenght winds doing In blunt damage. Opponents on the ground take Ex blunt damage.	Force Area
"Pressure Manipulation Am ability to control the pressure of her surroundings, producing air pressure force, crushing objects remotely, etc. She can perform the following power stunts:"	Force Area
"Shockwave Generation Mn ability to generate shockwaves from his body when distressed, which is powerful enough to shatter solid matter. -1cs per areas it expands"	Force Area
Vibration CL1000	Force Area
"Vibrations Mn, Avalanche is able to use vibrations to perform the following power stunts:"	Force Area
Wide Angle Beam In to 2 areas	Force Area
Debris Storm 	Force Area
"Sonic Blaster Rm Sonic to entire area, 4 areas range"	Force Area:Sonic
"Sonic Micro Booms Ex Force and range, by snapping his fingers, rubbing his hands together so rapidly that they burst into flame and literally boil an opponent alive via friction heat"	Force Area:Sonic
"Sonic Vibration Rm intensity, used offensively, the sonic waves strike for Rm Force, breaking down materials of lesser strength. The vibrations can disrupt living and non-living alike."	Force Area:Sonic
"Tornado affects 1 area, Rm damage and lifts objects with Rm strength."	Force Area:Tornado
"Tidal Wave This wave up to 5 areas wide and up to 100 feet in height, can strike everything in that range for Am Force and initiating drowning effects. It takes Bloodtide 2 full rounds of concentration to build up, releasing the attack on the third."	Force Area:Water
Whirlwind Rm airspeed	Force Area:Whirlwind
Whirlwinds Rm strength	Force Area:Whirlwind
"Wind As an Am Force attack, also capable of moving and manipulating objects with the equivalent of Am Strength."	Force Area;Telekinesis
"Bio-Blasts Mn Force, 3 areas"	Force Blast
Black Bolt's voice Sh-X	Force Blast
"Blaster Configuration Am Energy or Force, 20 area range. There are also side-effects based on the particular nature of this Plasma bolt"	Force Blast
Blastwave/Shockwave Un	Force Blast
"Concussion Blasters Mn Force, 4 areas"	Force Blast
Concussive Blasts Mn Force	Force Blast
"Enhanced Blast Power Scott's optic energy beams were significantly stronger in his empowered state. Scott’s enhanced optic beams could cause up to Mn Force at a range of 8 areas and can make called shots. He could fire his optic blasts at ranges longer than 8 areas (20 areas max), but their damage is reduced by one rank for each area over the 8 area range."	Force Blast
"Eye Beam Ex Force, 1 area, can be fired once per round"	Force Blast
Force Attack In	Force Blast
"Force Blast Un Force, 10 areas"	Force Blast
Force Blasts Mn Force	Force Blast
Force Bolt Rm Force	Force Blast
"Force Bolts Am Force or Energy, 3 areas."	Force Blast
Gravitic Force Bolts Un	Force Blast
Gravitic Force Field Un	Force Blast
"Impact Beam In Force, 2 areas"	Force Blast
Kinetic Blast Cl1000	Force Blast
Kinetic Bolt Un	Force Blast
Kinetic Bolts Rm Force at up to Rm range.	Force Blast
Kinetic Energy Sh-X	Force Blast
Kinetic Force Bolts Un Force	Force Blast
Kinetic Lash Maelstrom can divert absorbed Health into a Force attack up to 3 areas away	Force Blast
"Mega-Repulsors Sh-X Force, 100 areas"	Force Blast
"Micro-Repulsors In Force, 5 areas"	Force Blast
Optic Blast up to Mn Force at 3 areas. Each area beyond that is decreased by 1 rank	Force Blast
"Psionic Blast Am, 2 areas."	Force Blast
"Psychokinetic Blast In Force, 3 areas"	Force Blast
"Repulsors Mn Force, up to 10 areas. May inflict substantially less damage at discretion of user."	Force Blast
"Sandblast In Force, 2 areas"	Force Blast
Seismic Waves Vibro can direct pressures along fault lines into vibrating pulses through his arms. These attacks are considered to be Am Force blasts with a 15 area range. He has the following power stunts:	Force Blast
Vibration Attack Mn damage	Force Blast
Vibration attack Mn damage	Force Blast
"Air Blasts Am Force, 5 areas"	Force Blast:Air
Air Ram Rm strength focussed air strike	Force Blast:Air
Windblast Am Shockwave directed against a single target 1 area away	Force Blast:Air
Spray Ex blast of ash	Force Blast:Ash
Cold Projection In intensity	Force Blast:Cold
Mystic Force Bolts Un	Force Blast:Eldritch
"Energy Bolts In Force, Energy or Heat, 3 areas"	Force Blast:Heat
Ice Blast Sh-X from his hands.	Force Blast:Ice
Icicle Blast Rm Edge	Force Blast:Ice
"Snowball or Iceballs In Blunt, up to 3 areas"	Force Blast:Ice
"Snowballs Ex Blunt, up to 3 areas"	Force Blast:Ice
Mental Blast Am	Force Blast:Mental
"Mental Blasts Am, 2 areas range up to 4 targets but damage -1CS for every extra target."	Force Blast:Mental
Mental Bolt Am ability to fire psionic bolts of force into the minds of his targets	Force Blast:Mental
Mental Bolts Am	Force Blast:Mental
Psychic Blast Up to Mn Force or Psionic	Force Blast:Mental
Psycho-Blast Rm Force	Force Blast:Mental
Psi-Bolts Rm Stunning attack	Force Blast:Metnal
Banshee's scream Un	Force Blast:Sonic
"Sonic Blasts In Sonic or Force, 10 areas"	Force Blast:Sonic
Sonic Laugh Ex Sonic attack that disorients an opponent	Force Blast:Sonic
Sonic Scream Un ability to shatter solid objects with a sonic scream	Force Blast:Sonic
Ultrasonic Attack In Sonic	Force Blast:Sonic
Sound Release Dazzler can also release the absorbed sound in one burst. She releases the absorbed intensity -2CS (this is still not an established power stunt.)	Force Blast:Sonic-2
"Ultra-Sonics Focused high-frequency tight-beam sonics causing Am vibrational damage bypassing most body armor and material (treat as if protection or material is at -2cs of actual ranks), 3 areas"	Force Blast:Sonic-2CS
Telepathic Force Bolts In	Force Blast:Telepathy
"Water Blast By projecting a water column, she can attack an opponent doing Am Force up to 5 areas-away. A Red FEAT requires an opponent to roll to avoid the effect of drowning"	Force Blast:Water
"Water Jets In Force, 10 areas"	Force Blast:Water
Breath Weapon Rm intensity winds.	Force Blast:Wind
"Demon Winds In rank, similar to the Winds of Watoomb spell."	Force Blast:Wind
Projecting Force or Energy Bolts Capable of slaying true immortals	Force Blast;Energy Blast:Kill Immortal
"Shadow blasts Rm bolts that can either be of Force or Cold life-draining, 5 areas"	Force Blast;Health Drain Blast
Create Cyclones Gd damage or Sh-Y stunning or slamming	Force Blast;Stunning Missile;Slamming Missile
Cyclones Create cyclones for Gd damage and Sh-X stunning or slamming	Force Blast;Stunning Missile;Slamming Missile
Controlled Optic Blasts Cyclops could freely project and halt his optic energy	Force Control
"Deflection Rattler can also use these waves to setup a vibrational shockwave that will deflect missile weapons, including bullets, acting as a Rm strength Force Field. The field protects all in the same area as Rattler, who has no control over who his field protects."	Force Field
Energy Shield Un protection vs. all Energy attacks. Only one can be created at a time.	Force Field
Force Field Sh-X	Force Field
Force Field Generation In protection	Force Field
Force Field Projection Un	Force Field
Force Field with Micro-Envinronment Am Containment/Entrapment	Force Field
Force Field with Micro-Environment Am Containment/Entrapment	Force Field
Force Fields Un protection vs. all attacks	Force Field
"Force Screens Vibro can cause vibrational defense screens to protect himself with Gd resistance vs. Energy and Rm protection vs. Physical. He can combine this power with his Seismic Waves, reducing his chance to be hit by –1cs, but requiring the target to make a Power FEAT vs. Am resistance to close on Vibro"	Force Field
"Force Shield Am protection vs. Physical, She can create a telekinetic field to either shield her and her teammates"	Force Field
Force Shields Un	Force Field
"Force-Field Mn protection vs. Physical and Energy attacks. If he makes a successful Am rank FEAT roll, he can redirect any projectile over 1 pound thrown at him at a target of his choice. Damage is -1CS."	Force Field
"Hard Light Weapons Danger is capable of creating Hard Light objects with Mn ability, such as shields and force fields."	Force Field
Individual Shield In	Force Field
Personal Force Field In protection vs. Physical and Energy	Force Field
Personal Shield Mn	Force Field
Plasma Shield Create a flaming sheath around herself which provides Am protection vs. Energy and Gd protection vs. Physical	Force Field
Psioplasmic Bio-Field Inches above her skin this field acts to attacks and provides Mn protection vs. physical and energy attacks. When the attacks are of higher than Am strength she must make an End.FEAT or be unable to act due to the pain. She can still be stunned or slammed.	Force Field
Shield Individual Rm	Force Field
Shield-Individual Am	Force Field
Shields In	Force Field
Slippery Force Field Blank has an obscuring forcefield that completely conceals his features (rendering him “blank”) and provides him with the following:	Force Field
Universal Barrier Rm	Force Field
"Zero-Point Force Field Project up to 3 areas, it creates an Un force bubble large enough to cover an area to contain a small building."	Force Field
"Enhanced Durability Fat Cobra can generate a chi-based ""aura"" radiating from his body to protect himself from energy based attacks to a varied degree, and make himself more resilient vs. Physical damage. Provides Gd damage resistance."	Force Field:Chi
Darkforce Aura Rm Force Field	Force Field:Darkforce
Electromagnetic Force Field Mn ability to reflect bullets	Force Field:Energy
Snow Shields Ex material and Strength	Force Field:Ice
Movement Colossus can move 2 areas/round and he should be treated as CL1000 material to be stopped. He pays no attention to force field or objects of less than In strength. Those of greater force will slow him down to 1 area/round.	Force Field:IgnoreIn
Force Field vs. Magic Am	Force Field:Magic
Mystic Shield Mn	Force Field:Magic
Shield As Personal Force Field able to repel Magical Attacks	Force Field:Magic
Magic Shields Mn	Force Field:Magic
Magical Shields Rm	Force Field:Magic
"Shield (Individual) Am protection vs. Magical, Ex protection vs. Physical"	Force Field:Magic;Force Field:Physical
Anti-Magical Force Field Isaac may use his life force as a barrier which provides Mn protection against Magical attacks. Each use of the force field drains 10 points of Health	Force Field:Magic-HealthLoss10
"Eldritch Shield Rm, 1 area"	Force Field:Magic-HealthLoss10
Mental Barrier Mn	Force Field:Mental
"Mental Shield Mn protection vs. mental attacks; however, he could still be controlled telepathically"	Force Field:Mental
Mental Shielding Mn	Force Field:Mental
"Mental Shields Un ability to resist mind probes, and disable other forms of psychic manipulation."	Force Field:Mental
Force Field vs. Psionics Am	Force Field:Psionics
Telekinetic Shield Am protection vs. Physical	Force Field:Telekinetic
Web Shield Mn	Force Field:Webbing
Wind Screen Rm force shield vs. physical and missile attacks.	Force Field:Wind
"Sonic Shield Mn protection, can tighten sound waves around himself or others near him, making a barrier against outside attack."	Force Shield:Sonic
Cold Generation Pr	Force:Cold
Ghost Body Volla is a ghost who occasionally manifests a physical form.	Free Spirit
"Mental Gestalt Un, When melding their minds, the Stepford Cuckoos have the stats shown above. They also gain the following abilities:"	Gestalt
Mental Duplication The Supreme Intelligence consists of the combined minds of millions of independend but subservient Kree.	Gestalt
"Collective State The Tao-Yu brothers can mentally alter the synchronization of their bodies' atoms, enabling them to merge into a single being. In their Collective State, the brothers posses the following stats"	Gestalt
"Gestalt Form The brothers can merge their bodies together into one single multi-torsoed form. In this form, the combined being sees its Strength, Endurance and Dense Flesh raised +1cs for every member added above the &#64257;rst. Also any powers possessed by any in the merged form are also increased in the same fashion. Health increases are added to the total"	Gestalt:Physical;Body Armour
"Immobilization By raising the intensity of a planet's pull of gravity on a body will force a body to pass a Strength FEAT roll versus the power rank in order to keep moving, or to even keep standing, if the force is strong enough."	Grappling
Anaconda Mn grapple attack.	Grappling
"Catch-Web Cables Rm material fired from wrists, 2 area range"	Grappling
Entrap Thin Man can hold a target with Am ability	Grappling
"Gravity Clamp 2 areas, target is grappled with In strength."	Grappling
Hugs +1CS wrestling damage	Grappling
"Slick Surface Am, immune to Spider-Man's Webbing"	Grappling
"Slime Rm Entanglement, 3 areas"	Grappling
"Steel Cables Rm material, these steel cables are equipped with one of the following abilities:"	Grappling
"Tractor Beam Am, 7 areas, It is generally used to pull an opponent or object towards Doombot or hold an opponent or object in place. Note that the Tractor Beam cannot cause any damage by itself. A Strength FEAT roll is required to break free of the Tractor Beam's power."	Grappling
"Tractor Beams Rm Strength, 10 areas away Induction installed within armor that allows Ultron to absorb external energy with Un ability. An unlimited amount of energy may be stored, and upon absorbing it Ultron regains that amount of Health and is +1CS on all FEATs for 1-10 rounds following the absorption."	Grappling
Tractor Unit His exoskeleton is linked to a tractor unit that can move at Ty land speed (6 areas/ round) over most terrain.	Grappling
"Wrestling If using his tail in wrestling holds, Bushmaster can exert Rm constriction on his opponent."	Grappling
Sentry 372 this sentry can shoot forth from his eyes a beam of collodial atoms that form into a cube which require Mn strength to get free of. The victim can do nothing else. The ray has a range of 1 area.	Grappling
Adhesive Generation He can also secrete a sticky adhesive that could act as glue at Ex rank.	Grappling Area
"Right Hand Thane's right hand projects an amber construct which traps everyone within a certain radius of him and leaves them in a state of ""living death"" with Un ability. The trapped individual does not require air or food, but is still aware of what is going on around them. This amber is highly impervious to damage (Mn, but has shown vulnerability to persistent attacks, such as that of a Brood egg layer. Additionally, while an individual has been able to phase out of the amber, they stated they were unable to phase others out. Thane has not yet shown the ability to remove victims from the amber stasis."	Grappling Area
Steel Whip Whip or entangle opponents up to 1 area away	Grappling Area
"Web Shooter Am material, up to 1 area away"	Grappling Blast:Web
Web-Shooter Fire Am material Webbing up to 1 area away to entangle target. It can also use it as a swingline to travel at 3 areas	Grappling Blast:Web
"Web-Shooters Ero is able to create webbing that shoots up to 7 areas, In material strength in round it was fired. Mn in next round. The following can made with his web"	Grappling Blast:Web
"Webbing Am, it can stick to In strength material. When it is disconnected for the symbiote, it dissolves in 5-50 minutes. It can be used to entangle or transportation(3 areas/round)"	Grappling Blast:Web
"Net Missile Fires up to 10 areas, snares opponent with Rm Strength"	Grappling Missile
Nets Rm Ensnarement	Grappling Missile
"Grappling Hook Am material, Gd Edge, Ex climbing speed. It has a 2 area range. Fires with Rm accuracy from the right forearm. The grapple can also make attacks to grab or grapple an Agility FEAT."	Grappling Missile;Edged;Climing
Feet Beast can use his feet as a second set of hands. +1cs when wrestling	Grappling:1
"Feet and Hands Gibbon can use his feet as hands, giving him +1cs when wrestling. Both are substantially larger than a human"	Grappling:1
"Constriction Anaconda's legs and arms are capable of wrapping around an opponent and constricting. Anaconda receives a +1CS when making Grappling attacks, and inflicts In damage. Anyone attempting to Escape the Grapple receives a -2CS."	Grappling:1-DmgEx;Escaping-2
"Lung Capacity When taking, holding or shouting, he is +2cs Endurance"	Grappling:2
"Overwhelm Using her body mass to overwhelm an opponent, giving her a +2cs when making Grappling attacks, even though she doesn't actually have the Wrestling talent."	Grappling:2
"Entangling Upon contact, the arrowhead explodes, surrounding the target in a net of Rm material."	Grappling:Arrow
Cages In material	Grappling:Cage
"Capture Globes Fired up to 4 areas, each globe expands and harden around a given target in less than one round, becoming Rm material with Gd levitation."	Grappling:Cage
Crimsom Bands of Cyttorak Rm	Grappling:Crimson Bands of Cyttorak
Crimson Bands of Cyttorak Rm	Grappling:Crimson Bands of Cyttorak
Grapples or Clamp that can trap or squeeze opponents with Am strength or crush for Am damage.	Grappling:Dmg
Grappling Un to hit and Am for damage	Grappling:Dmg
Asphyxiation Slug can suffocate his opponent in the folds of his fat. If Slug succeeds in a grappling attack his opponent takes Gd suffocation damage each turn until the attack is broken off	Grappling:Dmg10
Constrict Ex damage each round.	Grappling:DmgEx
Ensnarement Am ability to capture objects and people in her electromagnetic field.	Grappling:Energy
Ensnaring Mn	Grappling:Energy
Cryo-Genic Beam Entraps opponents in In strength ice up to 2 areas away	Grappling:Ice
"Moisture Solidi&#64257;cation Barnacle has the ability to initiate a chemical reaction that turns moisture into a solid shell, capable of containing someone within a constrictive carapace with their own bodily &#64258;uids, providing himself with durable body armor, and spraying through the air a stream of hardened particles. He has demonstrated the following stunts:"	Grappling:Moisture Shell
"Whip Attack If he makes a successful attack against a flying opponent (up to 3 areas away), he can use their own speed to turn them towards the ground, inflecting damage equal to the speed they were traveling."	Grappling:On Whip Hit
Grappling attack Am	Grappling:SAm
"Encasement Able to create a hardened shell of Ex material to con&#64257;ne, blind and possibly su&#64256;ocate an opponent."	Grappling:Shell
Tongue Am Entagglement or Rm Blunt Attack	Grappling;Blunt
"Swallow Whole When a grapple target is swallowed, Sugar Man can bite it for Am Edge"	Grappling;Edge
"Mental Attack Anyone engulfed in Asylum’s mist (a Rm Grappling attack) is subject to an In mental attack. She assaults her victim’s brain with a twisted version of an inner truth or an inner lie. Every round the attack is successful, her victim is unable to do anything"	Grappling;Emotion Control
"Psychic-Webs Mn strength, Julia is able to weave psionically-created webs. Rm material in immediate adjacent areas. Two areas away, it is Ty material. They can be destroyed by physical force, and they also dissolve if she is knocked unconscious. Used for entanglement."	Grappling;Grappling Area
"Organic Web Shooters Shoots up to 7 areas, In material strength in round it was fired. Mn in next round. Used for transportation (3 areas/round) and restraining."	Grappling;Hyper-Running
"Organic Web-Shooters Shoots up to 7 areas, In material strength in round it was fired. Mn in next round. Used for transportation (3 areas a round) and restraining. The following can made with his web"	Grappling;Hyper-Running
Gravitational Manipulation Un	Gravity Control
"Gravitational Pull Un, not even light can escape being pulled into the Black Hole."	Gravity Control
Gravity Control Mn	Gravity Control
"Gravity Field Gravity possesses a “second skin” comprised of gravitons, which he has learned to employ in controlling the forces of Earth’s gravity upon him and any solid matter he comes into contact with. By mentally pushing gravity in various manners, Gravity can perform the following power stunts:"	Gravity Control
"Gravity Manipulation Alter Ego's great mass produces a significant gravity well, which Alter Ego has learned to manipulate to some extent. He can use it to attract ships to his body, or use the gravitic energy to fire a kinetic bolt, both at Un ability and damage. An important thing to consider, however, is that since Alter Ego is so huge, his mere presence is enough to drastically affect other large celestial bodies. His close proximity is enough to cause CL1000 damage to another planet."	Gravity Control
"GRAVITY Manipulation Ex ability to control, redirect, reduce or increase the force of gravity with 1 area. He is able to perform the following power stunts:"	Gravity Control
"Gravity Warp can bend space in odd ways, ways that can alter the flow of the forces of gravity itself. In game terms, he can alter the intensity of gravity relative to either his self or others. This lends itself to a number of neat tricks, some of which are presented here"	Gravity Control
"Gravity Well By drastically increasing the gravitational forces generated by a character or an object, he can turn it into a 'magnet' for every object within a number of yards equal to the power rank. Living targets can resist this trick by passing an Endurance FEAT against the power rank. Failure indicates that every object not nailed down within the affected area will 'fall' onto the victim, inflicting a total amount of damage that is determined by what 'falls' onto him."	Gravity Control
"Plane Shift can use this trick to shift the plane of gravity as it applies to objects that are affected by the gravity field that is altered. This trick affects a chunk of space within a number of yards equal to the power rank number. For example, on a planetary body, he can change gravity's pull within an area to make things attracted to it fall sideways or even up. This alters the course of a battle considerably, making things quite interesting in a fight."	Gravity Control
Warping Gravity Fields Am	Gravity Control
"Other Power Stunts For more complex stunts, such as flying at high speed and countering the actions of other objects, Gravity must make a Red Psyche FEAT. If Gravity fails the roll then he cannot perform such feats."	Gravity Control
"Altered Metabolism For some unknown reason (either because Devil is a mutant, or he was engulfed by highly chemical lava fires at a young age) Devil is smarter and quicker than a normal tyrannosaur. He stands 2O to 25 feet high and has bright red skin, also a result of the lava fire. He has unusual willpower for a creature and should be treated as a character rather than a dumb beast."	Growth
Enlargement Mn	Growth
Enlargement (Atomic Growth) Un	Growth
Growth Mn	Growth
Growth (Permanent) Pr	Growth
"If there are enough frightened and/or angry people within 100 yards, who's total Psyche ranks equal the creature's next level for Strength (example Un) Strength requires a total of 100 Psyche points to be available within range), The creature grows to 100 feet in height and its Strength, Endurance, Body Armor Bite and Claws increase +1cs after 10 rounds with a corresponding increase in Health"	Growth
"Self-Inflation In, Doop could inflate his body to unknown proportions"	Growth
"Size Alteration Mn, +3CS to be hit, Fenris is usually at this size, but can reduce his size to that of a normal wolf."	Growth
"Adjustable Growth When obvious mobility keeps him from growing to full size, Atlas grows “not-quite-so-large” in these stages"	Growth
He grows to 26ft tall but still appears human. He also develops the following powers 	Growth
He grows to 33ft tall but still appears human. He also develops the following powers 	Growth
He grows to 41ft tall but still appears human. He also develops the following powers 	Growth
"Stage 6 This is the danger zone, because he can exceed his normal maximum with a Yellow Psyche FEAT. Doing so raises him to this level"	Growth
Stage I Occurs when exposed to Ex of Rm radiation for at least 10 rounds.	Growth
Stage II Occurs when exposed to In of Am radiation for at least 10 rounds.	Growth
Stage III Occurs when exposed to Mn of Un radiation for at least 50 rounds.	Growth
"Stage 3 20 feet tall, S) In40 E) Am50, Ex Body Armor and Health"	Growth:Ex;S:In;E:Am;Body Armour:Ex
"Stage 2 15 feet tall, S) In40 E) Rm30, Gd Body Armor and Health"	Growth:Gd;S:In;E:Rm;Body Armour:Gd
"Stage 5 30 feet tall, S) Mn75 E) Mn75, Rm Body Armor and Health"	Growth:Om;S:Mn;E:Mn;Body Armour:Rm
"Stage 4 25 feet tall, S) Am50 E) Mn75, Rm Body Armor and Health"	Growth:Rm;S:Am;E:Mn;Body Armour:Rm
"Stage 1 10 feet tall, S) Rm30 E) Rm30, Ty Body Armor and Health"	Growth:Ty;S:Rm;E:Rm;Body Armour:Ty
"Inflation Puff Adder can inflat himself upto 10 feet high, giving him Pr growth and +1CS to be hit. Body Armor"	Growth;Body Armour
Giant Form This 30 foot tall form has Am Strength and travels at Ty ground speed (3 areas/round)	Growth;Hyper-Running
"Pym Powers Criti-Noll has been given the DNA of the members of Henry Pym, which include the following"	Growth;Shrinking
Cauterize Ex ability to manipulate his compound to cauterize and partially heal some wounds of other people	Healing
Heal Others Am	Healing
Healing Am	Healing
"Healing (Others) In, this sometimes requires an item from his mystical pouch."	Healing
"Healing (Self) In, this sometimes requires an item from his mystical pouch."	Healing
"Healing Blood Angel's blood now contains a transferable healing factor that allows him to heal others with Am effect. He can heal up to 50 points of damage per person per day. To use this power, he must bring his freshly-shed blood into contact with the target’s injuries. This costs him 1 point of Health for every 10 points he heals."	Healing
Healing Others Un	Healing
"Mental Healing She possesses additional healing or mental manipulation abilities at In rank, as she has also been able to release beings from mental shackles that prevented them from using their superhuman powers and Magneto had to ask her not to remove his sense of despair at losing his powers."	Healing
"Trauma Healing Mn ability to heal mental trauma through ""psychic surgery"", the power to stimulate or deaden the pain and pleasure centers in a person's brain."	Healing
Water Absorbtion Able to absorb ordinary water to heal himself for 1 point per gallon.	Healing
Water Absorption Able to absorb ordinary water to heal himself for 1 point per gallon.	Healing
"Heal Sack can use it to heal himself and add the health of the host body to his. When he does this the host body dies, when he leaves the host body without really absorbing it the host most make an Endurance FEAT vs. a kill result."	Healing
Cure Blindness Un	Healing:Blindness
Cure Disease Sh-X	Healing:Disease
Neutralize Poison Sh-X	Healing:Poison
Energy Drain Holocaust can drain life energy to add to his own. He may not attack for one round and must be in contact with the target. He then drains 75 Health. A target below 0 dies immediately.	Health Darin
"Bio-Electrical Energy Absorption Ex ability to absorb the life force from most sentient beings, draining up to 20 Health per round until the victim reaches zero and collapses in a lifeless husk. Victims are allowed an Endurance FEAT to resist this drain off life force. At Zero health, the victim is allowed another Endurance FEAT in which a failure indicates that they are starting to loose an Endurance rank each round. At Sh-0, they are dead. If Senyaka chooses to absorb life energy after zero health, the victim dies and is turned to a charred husk. The absorbed energy is &#64257;rst used to restore lost health. When he is at full health, the absorbed energy is used to augment Senyaka's Strength and Endurance up to a maximum of Rm for 10 rounds with the corresponding increase in health."	Health Drain
Bio-Energy Absorption and Sustenance Decay is in essence a bio-energy drinker; he requires this in order to survive as normal sources of sustenance do not feed him. He has this power at In rank can absorb 40 points of health per round until his victim is drained and disintegrates to dust. The victim is allowed an Endurance FEAT to &#64257;ght o&#64256; the drain each round.	Health Drain
"Bio-Energy Vampire Kierrok has the mystic ability to absorb the life-force of his opponents, weakening them and using their energy to heal himself and quickly restore himself even from apparent death, healing his wounds and recovering his strength. Everyone with 2 areas of Kierrok must make an Endurance FEAT roll against Un intensity every 3 rounds. Each time they fail, the victims lose 3 Health points and Kierrok adds 3 points from each victim into a Health point pool. One round after Kierrok has been reduced to zero Health, he can instantly add twice as many Health points as he has stored in his pool. Example"	Health Drain
"Bio-Mystical Life Force Control Gargoyle can remove up to an In amount of Health from a target on touch. This loss is regenerated at a rate of 20 points per round, but a victim will die if his Health drops below zero. Every use of this power costs Gargoyle 2 points of Karma. Gargoyle can control how much Health he will take from a victim, but must announce his intention before making the attack"	Health Drain
Blood Flow Ex ability to decrease the blood flow is a person's body.	Health Drain
"Body Control (Others) Coronary is able to psionically manipulate a person's metabolic processes with In ability. For example, he can cause intense migraines, muscle spasms, and an extreme upset stomach. He can cause up to Ex damage each time he uses his power."	Health Drain
Boiling Ex ability to boil the water within living people	Health Drain
Cellular Disruption Mn damage	Health Drain
"Death Factor Omega Red can generate a ""death field"" of Am intensity around him which is channeled through his tentacles. Almost the reverse of Wolverine's Healing factor, this field saps the life force of living creatures. Omega Red can suck the life force out of everyone in the same area as himself, and can use use this energy to regain lost health up to his maximum.To affect a target, Omega Red must first succeed at a power FEAT against the intensity of the victim's Psyche. Each successful FEAT allows Omega Red to drain up to 50 points from each victim until he regains his normal maximum health. If the target's health drops below zero as a result, the victim dies and his body disintegrates."	Health Drain
Drain Life Mn	Health Drain
"Energy Leech Those attack Famine with an Energy attack, Famine is able to siphon off the bio-energy of living beings, severely weakening them. Victims take Ex damage and must make a Psyche FEAT vs. Mn intensity to do anything against pain."	Health Drain
"Energy Vampirism Emplate is a mutant who must feed on the bone marrow of mutants in order to remain in this physical plane. He feeds on his subjects by physical contact with fanged mouths that are embedded in the palms of each of his hands. If he is denied sustenance, Emplate is thrown into a pocket dimension where he is the subject of constant torture. He is also able to absorb the powers of a mutant that he feeds on for an extended period of time with Un ability. This provides the following abilities"	Health Drain
Heal Damage Decay can heal any damage he has sustained by absorbing someone else life force.	Health Drain
"Life Energy Drain Am ability to drain the life-force of anyone he touches. He must make a power FEAT against a target's Psyche. If successful, he can drain up to 50 health, if a target's health drops below 0, the body disintegrates."	Health Drain
Life Force Absorption Am ability to can heal himself by consuming the life force of sentient beings	Health Drain
"Life-Force Absorption Being a succubus, Shiklah can absorb the life forces of those around her, whether through a kiss or through sexual intercourse with Am ability"	Health Drain
Mind Drain Ex	Health Drain
"Moisture Absorbtion Suck moisture out of a victim, reducing him to a dehydrated husk. This does Gd damage each turn to living beings and has a range of two areas. The victim gets an End FEAT each turn against the Intensity of the attack to avoid taking damage. Aqueduct must concentrate continuously to use this power."	Health Drain
"Mutant Feeding Krakoa is an entity which feeds on mutants and mutant abilities. Mutant victims hooked up to Krakoa's feeding areas are drained -1cs in all abilities per week until death occurs. They are unconscious until cut free. Currently, the island takes a miniscule portion of mutant energy from the entire population of the Mutant nation, no longer needing to use its feeding areas."	Health Drain
"Psychic Vampire Lykos has the Am ability to drain life energy from a prey. Once touched, the victim must suceed at a Psyche FEAT or suffer -1CS on all abilities for 1-10 days. Feeding is on touch, and Lykos can make 5 such attacks before being sated. However, trying to drain Rm Endurance or higher can trigger the transformation from Lykos into Sauron. Lycos gets a Psyche FEAT to prevent the change."	Health Drain
Younger Self Decay can absorb enough Health from others to to reduce his apparent age and raise all his listed physical attributes by 1 rank along with the corresponding health increase.	Health Drain
Health-Drain Aura Gd ability to absorb Health from opponents in the same area. Victim's can avoid losing Health by making a successful Endurance FEAT vs. Gd intensity	Health Drain Area
"Bio-Vampirism Rm, He can derive life from the blood of others with Rm ability. His bite causes Gd Edged damage"	Health Drain;Edged
Electric Heat Electro can generate heat from his electric energy at levels up to Mn intensity.	Heat Control
Heat CL1000	Heat Control
"Thermokinesis Am ability to alter temperatures around her. However, she cannot simply create heat and cold; she can only rechannel temperature. These temperature manipulation powers results in the following"	Heat Control;Cold Control
Heating/Cooling Systems He can radiate Rm rank heat or cold from his hands at 3 areas range.	Heat Generation;Cold Generation
"Hyper Endurance In, he can exert himself physically for up to 24 hours before the build up of fatigue toxins in his blood starts to impair him."	Hyper endurance
"Hyper-Digging Pr, Fe landspeed through the earth by punching her way through solid rock of up to Mn material"	Hyper-Digging
"Interstellar Fight CL1000 airspeeds, he had not as of yet shown faster than light or warp capabilities."	Hyper-Flight;Flight
Interstellar Travel CL1000 ability to travel outer space. He is immune to the effects of vaccuum.	Hyper-Flight;Flight
"Sprint Warren can ""sprint"" to Un airspeeds, however must make a successful End. FEAT each round"	Hyper-Flight;Flight
Hyper-Invention Mn	Hyper-Invention
Complete Feline Musculature Rm running on land	Hyper-Running
Electrical Land Travel Electro can ride lines of high electro-magnetical potential (power lines) at land speeds of Mn speed (9 areas/round)	Hyper-Running
Ground Speed  Rm landspeed	Hyper-Running
Hyper Running Sh-X land speed and resistance to air friction. Acceleration rate is 1.5 mph per foot raveled	Hyper-Running
"Hyper-Running Un, runs at 10 areas/round"	Hyper-Running
Ice Ramp He can create ice ramps which he can slide along at Ex ground speed	Hyper-Running
Running Pr	Hyper-Running
"Scampering Pr speed (2 areas/round). While moving in any manner, an opponent has -4cs to hit her, due to her agile scampering."	Hyper-Running
Slick Areas Ex slipperiness. He can move along these areas at Gd ground speed.	Hyper-Running
"Snake-Like Tail He can move at Gd land speed, has the following power stunts:"	Hyper-Running
Speed Ty (2 areas/round)	Hyper-Running
Speed Burst Mandrill can run on all fours for short periods of time with Ex land speed. Lasts a maximum of 3 rounds and a 10-round rest is required between burts.	Hyper-Running
Spinning Riptide can rotate himself generating a mini-tornado that he can 'ride' at Rm land speeds	Hyper-Running
Tank Treads The first Ultron was merely a torso mounted on an undercarriage that moved on tank treads. Ultron moves at Ty land speed (3 areas/round).	Hyper-Running
Running and Jumping Pr (2 areas/turn) She can jump up to 2 stories straight up or across	"Hyper-Running,Leaping"
Superhuman Speed Anton can run 3 areas per turn without getting exhausted.	Hyper-Running:3
Lightning Speed Able to move 3 areas/round	Hyper-Running:3
"Super-Speed The Rhino can move up to 4 areas in a round, but only in a straight line."	Hyper-Running:4
"Ride Electro-Magnetics Lines Mn ground speed, areas where there is electricity coursing nearby, like powerlines and wiring within buildings"	Hyper-Running:Electricity
"Ride Electromagnetics Lines Mn ground speed, areas where there is electricity coursing nearby, like power lines and wiring within buildings"	Hyper-Running:Electricity
Land movement Fb	Hyper-Running:Feeble
Water-Walking Un speed by skimming along on surface tension	Hyper-Running:Water
Waterwalking Un speed by skimming along on surface tension	Hyper-Running:Water
Enhanced Speed Ty	Hyper-Speed
"Enhanced Speed & Reflexes Fat Cobra can increase his speed allowing him to dodge or catch bullets. Without the use of chi, he can run up to 35 mph. Counts as Hyper-Speed at Gd rank, may Dodge or Block projectile fire at +1cs as a power stunt."	Hyper-Speed
Hyper Speed Un power increases his reaction time a hundred fold.	Hyper-Speed
Hyper-Speed Gd	Hyper-Speed
Momentary Speed Sh-Y ground speed for 1 round every 10 rounds.	Hyper-Speed
"Super Speed Rm, Noh-Varr is fast, in addition to possessing lightning quick reflexes"	Hyper-Speed
"Speed Defence One must make a Red FEAT to hit Northstar with anything other than an area or psychic attack. If Northstar is making multiple attacks against the same target, the FEAT is reduced to Yellow."	Hyper-Speed:Defence
"Speed Offence Multiple attacks with Sh-Z ability (Using his speed for Fighting rank) or Rapid attacks that inflict up to In damage, ignoring Ex body armor or less (only one roll is made to hit) to a target."	Hyper-Speed:Offence:Multiple Atacks
Cheetah Gives her Rm superspeed and In edged claws.	Hyper-Speed;Edged
Hyper Swimming Am	Hyper-Swimming
Hyper-Swimming Pr speed	Hyper-Swimming
Swimming Rm waterspeed	Hyper-Swimming
Water Movement double normal speed.	Hyper-Swimming
Water Running 1000 feet with a 100-foot approach	Hyper-Swimming
Water-Running 1000 ft. with 100 ft. approach	Hyper-Swimming
Hologram Projection Rm	Illusion
Holographic Disguise Rm ability to holographically disguising the arm as normal flesh	Illusion
Holographic Generators Mn	Illusion
Holographic Manipulation Am ability to generate holograms to disguise himself as a human wearing a trench coat or even render himself invisible.	Illusion
"Holographic Projection Am ability to project holographic images, most often of a humanoid female."	Illusion
Illusion Mn	Illusion
Illusion Casting Un	Illusion
Illusion Detection +1CS intuition	Illusion
Illusion Generation Rm	Illusion
Illusion Perception Mn ability to see past illusions and disguises.	Illusion
Illusion Projection Ex	Illusion
Illusions Rm ability to generate illusions to change his appearance	Illusion
Illusory Duplication Odin can send out a image of himself within a CL3000 range.	Illusion
Internal Jammers Am ability to disguise himself as human through x-rays and scanners	Illusion
"Telepathic Camouflage Am ability to mask himself and other peoples' presence from those around him. He can telepathically disguise himself, making his appearance to those around his quite different (changing the appearance of clothing, as well as more involved disguising)."	Illusion
Telepathic Illusion Am ability to create realistic telepathic illusions and cause people to experience events which are not actually occurring.	Illusion
"Telepathic Illusions Am ability to create illusions to make herself seem to be invisible, look like someone else, or make others experience events that are not truly happening."	Illusion
"Telepathic Illusions/Camouflage Un ability to create realistic telepathic illusions and cause people to experience that which is not actually occurring, including masking her appearance from those around her, allowing her to telepathically disguise herself, making her appear quite different to those around her, and even changing the appearance of her attire."	Illusion
Penetrate Illusions Un	Illusion Detection
Mental Illusions Mn	Illusions
Mental Illusions (Hallucinations) Rm	Illusions
Project Illusions in a target's mind Mn	Illusions
Image Generation Un illusions	Image Generation
Image Generation (Hallucinations) Mn	Image Generation
Image Inducer Am ability to create up to 12 holographic duplicates	Image Generation
Image Projecting Ex	Image Generation
Image Projection similar as Astral Projection.	Image Generation
"Curse of the Wendigo Anyone who reverts to cannibalism while in the Canadian wilderness is transformed into the Wendigo (although there cannot be more than one Wendigo at a time). That person is forced to go on a mindless rampage, killing and eating anyone it comes across."	Immortality
Cursed Harald and his crew are all cursed with a bizarre form of immortality that enhanced their abilities and grants the following:	Immortality
"Functional Immortality For all intents and purposes the Hulk cannot permanently die. The exact nature of this ability is unknown. Following his resurrection by the Challenger, if Banner should die, he would self-resurrect by transforming into the Hulk at nightfall."	Immortality
Immortal As an immortal he will not die if reduced to 0 Health and Sh-0 Endurance.	Immortality
Immortality • --|A|-- • is a mutant that has lived for over five thousand years ago.	Immortality
"Limited Immortality The Infinity Formula in Fury´s blood has completely stopped his aging, when he reached adulthood."	Immortality
Longevity The Diwatas cease aging at adulthood. They may still be killed normally.	Immortality
"Perpetual Reincarnation Anytime she dies, Sphinx II is reborn into the youthful body of another person. She retains all her memories and abilities, and gains those of the person she is reborn as."	Immortality
"Resurrective Immortality As with the Hulk and other Gamma empowered beings, She-Hulk is immortal and cannot permanently die."	Immortality
Advanced Longevity Fat Cobra was born at the end of the 19th Century and appears to still be in his prime.	Immortality
"Infinity Formula Nick Fury, Jr. Was born with the Infinity Formula in his blood, which grants him the following abilities:"	Immortality
Retarded Aging He ages 1 year for every 100. He may be killed normally.	Immortality
Slowed Aging Ages 1 year for every 100. He may still be killed normally.	Immortality
Intimidation Because they look extremely spectacular an opponent unaware of her true abilities must make a Gd Psyche FEAT or flee or fight at -2CS.	Intimidation
"Invisibiilty The Ghost Rider can fade from view with In ability. Also becoming undetectable in both the infared and ultraviolet ranges. As an established power stunt, he may turn only certain portions of his body invisible."	Invisibiilty
"Invisibility Am ability to alter his target's perception of him, allowing him to ""hide"" in plain sight"	Invisibiilty
Invisibility (all types) Un	Invisibiilty
"Invisibility (Holographic) Un, Able to fire weapons while invisible."	Invisibiilty
"Invisibility (Psychic) Ex ability to Carpathian cause others not to see him, forcing others to simply ignore him."	Invisibiilty
Invisibility and Illusion Generation Mn	Invisibiilty
"Invisibilty Am ability to make herself invisible based on the current emotional state that she is in. If she feels positive emotions, she can render her body completely invisible in order to camouflage herself with her environment. But if she experiences negative emotions like fear, her body illuminates bright colors."	Invisibiilty
Mental Invisibility Mn	Invisibiilty
Mental Invisibilty Un	Invisibiilty
Blending Carpathian may step into the shadows and and thereby shroud himself from sight with Am ability	Invisibility
"Detection Invisibility Mn ability to hide from detection, such as smell, Magic or other detection methods."	Invisibility
"Psionic Shadow Mn ability to mask her presence from others. Her abilities can go undetected and are very difficult to track, even by very powerful telepaths such as Shadow King. She can extend these defenses to others around her as well."	Invisibility
"Nullification Field Muse can generate a nexus around his body that absorbs all sensory information, except presumably for sight. While Muse can normally be seen with the naked eye, he shows up in digital photographs as a mass of swirling purple energy and glowing eyes. The field allows Muse the following"	Invisibility
"Psychic Invisibility Dansen Macabre is able to disappear at will with Am ability. She may use this power to be perceived by a limited number of people (some but not all of the people in a room). Those with special senses may make an Intuition check to spot her, with magical senses at + 2cs."	Invisibility
Electronic Concealment Am ability to bypass metal detectors without setting them off with and can shield other objects such as firearms and knives	Invisibility:Electronics
Electronic Counter Measures Am radar invisibility and Un resistance to external signals influencing armor performance.	Invisibility:Electronics
Electronic Countermeasures Am radar invisibility and Un resistance to external signals influencing armor performance.	Invisibility:Electronics
"Electronic Invisibility CL1000, Adam is undetectable to all forms of electromagnetic sensors other than the visible spectrum. He does not appear on infrared and probably radar as well. He can be seen with the naked eye or photographed on film, but probably not digitally."	Invisibility:Electronics
Electronic Scrambler Am	Invisibility:Electronics
"Non-Detection Un ability to avoid detection by any artificial means. This includes video, electronic surveillance systems, spectrum sensors such as night vision goggles, heat sensors, and even artificial intelligence such as androids and robots."	Invisibility:Electronics
Telepathic Cloak Am ability to mask his presence from being detected by others. He can extend these defenses to others around him as well.	Invsibility
Invisibility to Mechanisms Un	Invsibility:Electronics
"Invulnerability CL1000 protection from all types of damage, including magical"	Invulnerability:All
Life Protection Kill results do not harm Loki.	Invulnerability:Kill
"Vampiric Protection Blood is immune to all Physical attacks (though not Slams and Stuns) save those that normally harm vampires. A wooden stake through the heart will kill him, as will any weapon which beheads him. Silver weapons do normal damage and the Baron takes Gd damage from contact with holy water or holy symbols. Blood cannot stand garlic. Unlike other vampires, Baron Blood does not take damage from sunlight (he was given special treatments by Nazi scientists to eliminate this vulnerability)."	Invulnerability:Physical
Ionization Un	Ionization
"Uncanny Luck While a zombie, Sitwell still has some inkling of consciousness in him. Although he has no reason to have any Karma, he has demonstrated an uncanny ability to fire his gun or otherwise successfully complete some action with uncanny result. This includes what might normally be considered an impossible FEAT. At the beginning of each mission, he receives 80 Karma points to be spent (the player must announce he is spending Karma prior to rolling). However, if the result of the original roll is a critical failure (a roll of 01-10), then something spectacularly awful happens (suc as blowing himself up with a rocket propelled grenade launcher). What specifically happens is up to the Judge"	Karma Bonus
"Karmic Tap This power allows Thor to tap into his reservoir of willpower (Karma) and increase his Power Conversion by 1 point for every 2 Karma spent. There is no known limit on his karmic tap abilities. This is limited to the same round in which he spent/converted his karma. Rolling an Red Psyche FEAT roll will permit another round of benefit from the Karma spent. This power is considered a free action, may be done in addition to other actions in the round."	KarmicTap
Leadership Any group under his tactical leadership gains +1cs to their Intuition when following his orders	Leadership
Hyper Leaping Un	Hyper-Leaping
Hyper-Leaping Gd	Hyper-Leaping
Jumping Gd	Hyper-Leaping
"Leaping CL5000, covering 2 miles in a single bound."	Hyper-Leaping
"Web Slingshot Able to launch himself over great distances. 1 round to make the slingshot and “prep himself for launch”, launch himself up to 10 areas the next round."	Hyper-Leaping
Spring Upto 1 area away	Hyper-Leaping;Fb
Levitate Ty	Levitation
Levitate Rock In	Levitation
Levitation Rm	Levitation
Transvection Ty Levitation	Levitation
Access Claw Alistair uses this to lift him into the machine	Levitation
"Levitation/Flight Rm, Shaman can levitate and fly at the same time. While this allows him a Rm power rank for Levitation, his magical Flight speed has only a Gd ranking."	Levitation;Flight
Lie Detection Am ability uses his enhanced hearing to determine if someone is lying by listening to their heartbeat.	Lie Detection
Lie Detector T'Challa can tell by someone's scent whether or not they're lying with Am ability.	Lie Detection
Life Detection Am ability to detect the presence of others.	Life Detection
"Lifeform Detection Rm ability to identify targets, even hidden ones"	Life Detection
Spider Detection Sh-Z ability to detect arachnids or creatures with spider-like abilities (400 areas or about 10 miles). The Mark II must make a Ty FEAT when in the same area as a large group of arachnids (at least 20) or it short-circuits because of its extreme sensitivity	Life Detection
"Life Sense Am ability to to determine if people are armed (from posture), track specific people, notice DNA fragments smeared around, etc."	Life Detection
Life Form Creation asexual reproduction into independant beings	Life Form Creation
Body Adaptation Survive in hostile environment. This power counters suddenly hostile environments AND also covers troublesome situations (like creating wings when falling).	Life Support
"Self Sustenance Because of the nature of his powers, Firebrand no longer needs to eat, drink, or breath."	Life Support
"Self-Sustance Doesn't need to Eat, Sleep or Breathe. Can survive in Space."	Life Support
"Self-Sustanence Doesn't need to eat, sleep or breathe"	Life Support
"Self-Sustenance Doesn't need to eat, sleep or breathe"	Life Support
Solar Sustenance Sh-X	Life Support
"Hollow Bones Longshot's bones are hollow as a bird, he receives -2CS penalty on rolls checking for slams but suffers -2CS damage from falls."	Light Bones
Bioluminescence Ex illumination	Light Manipulation
"Blinding Am, once the web is removed, the victim is able to see again."	Light Manipulation
"Blinding Beam Mn, Can permanently blind an opponent with a special Energy attack (though a magical cure may or may not exist). He must score a Bullseye or Kill result to succeed."	Light Manipulation
Blinding Flash All who can see her must make an Intuition FEAT against Rm intensity	Light Manipulation
Blinding Light Am Blinding in an entire area	Light Manipulation
Flash Ex Blinding	Light Manipulation
Flash Beacon Rm Flash or Light	Light Manipulation
Glowing Aura Ex ability to generate a glowing aura from his hands	Light Manipulation
"Light Bubble She may surround her hand in a bubble of Ex Illumination, 2 areas"	Light Manipulation
Light Burst Un burst that can blind everyone in a 6 area radius for 1-10 rounds if they do not make an Endurance FEAT roll	Light Manipulation
Light Casting Mn	Light Manipulation
Light Flash Rm intensity with a 2-area range	Light Manipulation
Light Manipulation Un	Light Manipulation
"Light-Bursts Am Blinding attack to everyone in a 6 area radius, for 1-10 rounds if they do not make an Endurance FEAT vs. Am intensity."	Light Manipulation
"Light-Flash Mn intensity to temporarily blind opponents, 1 area"	Light Manipulation
White Light Rm Light or Radiation up to 5 areas away	Light Manipulation
Light Emission Dazzler can do the following stunts at the above levels	Light Manipulation
Photokinetic Projection Mn ability to project powerful blinding glares of light from his eyes. He is capable of controlling the level of illumination he projects and the distance/width within his line of sight of his target. He can perform the following power stunts:	Light Manipulation
Headlights Ex	Light Manipulation
"Hunger Flash Rm flash that can be seen for 15 areas. The explosions of light work on the retina, affecting parts of the brain that controls appetite. His victims take Ex damage and must make a Psyche FEAT vs. Mn intensity to do anything against hunger pangs."	Light Manipulation
Light Rm illumination and Energy damage.	Light Manipulation;Energy Blast:Light
Light Emmision Cerise can generate light with Mn ability and fire laser blast of Mn intensity.	Light Manipulation;Energy Blast:Light
"Flaming Form Ex intensity light, Gd intensity heat."	Light Manipulation;Heath Manipulation
"Dehydration Orka is in constant danger of dehydration. If not immersed in water or kept in a damp environment, he suffers a -1CS to FEATs for each hour without such water. If totally deprived of moisture, he loses one point of Health per hour. Immersion in water restores such lost Health immediately."	Limitation
Limitation 	Limitation
"Vulnerability He loses -1cs Strength, Fighting and Endurance for every week spend away from his swamp. If his strength drops to Fe, he becomes comatose until returned to his normal environment."	Limitation
Weakness 	Limitation
Wooden Stake Through the heart will parylize until removed	Limitation
"Power Source Dependency If kept in darkness for more than 40 hours, he will lose 3 Endurance ranks each hour thereafter. If he's not exposed to light or energy before his Endurance drops to Fe, he will shut down. He will regain lost Endurance by 1 rank per round that he's absorbing solar energy."	Limitation
"Rage Walter becomes very susceptible to rage even against his own allies and family. Each round in this form, Walter must make a Green Psyche FEAT, failure indicates that he will attack anyone who irritates, angers, argues, threatens him or is otherwise disliked by him. He will attack anyone who tries to stop him, including his allies. Once he has lost control, he can not of his own will break off this attack, he must be Stunned or rendered unconscious. He does not change back to his human form when unconscious. After waking he does not need to make another Psyche FEAT unless someone is purposefully trying to anger him."	Limitation
"Safety Lock Shaw industries has installed a safety device in the controlling logic of the original model Sentinels which carried over into the Tri-Sentinel. This safety device opens a loop in their logic-circuits indicating that the Sentinels themselves are mutants, so they will destroy themselves. For the original Sentinels, this will be effective, but the Tri-Sentinel is only immobilized for 1-10 rounds until it overrides the logic."	Limitation
"Increased Mass Due to his transformation, his body has significantly increased in heft and density making him difficult to move around with Ex ability."	Limitation
"Life Model Decoy As an android a Life Model Decoy, Anton possesses various capabilities"	LMD
"Life-Model Decoy Dugan is now a Life-Model Decoy (LMD), and his consciousness is transferred to one of many LMDs of himself stored at the S.H.I.E.L.D. facility known as Area 13. However, S.T.A.K.E. knows that there are other LMD bodies located elsewhere, and that the central unit that holds his ""mind"" has not been found yet. This provides him the primary stats above as well as the following abilities:"	LMD
LMD Construct Max Fury is a Life Model Decoy that gained the memories of Nick Fury from the Zodiac Key. Its very body gives it the following	LMD
"Serial Immortality When Dugan's Health reaches 0, his consciousness automatically transfers to another LMD at Area 13. At this point, the new LMD awakens with all the previous memories of the last, including the cause of death"	LMD
"Lycanthropy/Vampiric Hybrid Nina's unique hybrid physiology grants her powers and abilities not possessed by conventional werewolves and vampires. She is not undead like other vampires and mostly human by day. She can withstand the sun's direct rays. Once the sun sets, she becomes a vampire and can transform into a white wolf or an anthropoid werewolf at will. Though she can be photographed while human during the day, at night, like other vampires, her image cannot be captured on film. During the nighttime, she has the following abilities:"	Lycanthrope/Vampire
"Man-Wolf Transformation Every night, during the three nights of the full moon, <a href=""/comics/benriely/johnjameson.html"">John Jameson</a> would transform into Man-Wolf. Jameson could not control this transformation. Man-Wolf's abilities are as followed:"	Lycanthrope/Vampire
"Lycanthropy Because of a curse that affects all males in his family once they've passed puberty, on the nights when there is a moon present in the sky, Duncan transforms into the traditional, almost ape-like, half-wolf, half-man werewolf creature. Under any moon which isn't full, Duncan needs moonlight to remain in wolf form to control of his transformations, is capable of switching back and forth at will, and even keeping his personality and intelligence while in werewolf form, or temporarily delaying the transformation until well after the moon has risen in the night sky. The stats listed above and the rest of the powers listed below reflect his state when in this form."	Lyncanthrope
Magic Amun is an amateur spell-caster and has demonstrated the following spells:	Magic
Magic Control Un control over any magic anyone tries to use in his realm.	Magic
Magic Manipulation Khonshu can manipulate mystic energies for supernatural effects with Un ability. He is capable of the following:	Magic
"Magic Mastery Level Master of Nature Magic, Shaman will never use a power that may shape the mind of a person against his will. The following are magical abilities always available to him:"	Magic
Magic Use The Grim Reaper has learned a number of magical spells and effects	Magic
Magical Abilities Mn unless stated otherwise:	Magic
Magical Bands Mn ability mystic restraints.	Magic
"Magical Powers In, by performong special movements, Magique can use the following powers:"	Magic
Miscellaneous Spells 	Magic
"Mystic Arts It is unclear whether Chondu’s powers are actually magical in nature or merely psionic. Whichever the case, he must make a Yellow Psyche FEAT to use his powers. If he succeeds, he can attempt to control another’s will, or attack another mentally, at Ty intensity. In his original body, Chondu could project his astral-self and engage in psychic combat."	Magic
"Mystic Powers Njord is the ""Skyfather"" of the Vanir and is at the very least as powerful as Odin:"	Magic
"Mystical Energy Powers In his own dimension, Chthon possesses all Powers and magical spells at CL1000 rank. When effecting another dimension or plane his power levels drop to Un rank."	Magic
Mystic Abilities Mercedes is capable of the following:	Magic
"Magic Detection Am ability to sense the presence of gods, demons and the use of magic"	Magic Detection
Magical Detection Ex	Magic Detection
Magical Senses Rm	Magic Detection
Magical Wave Perception Am ability to see magic waves in the air.	Magic Detection
"Occult Sense Ex, Blade can smell Occult things. Raises Intuition to In when hunting Occult."	Magic Detection
"Familiar (Asmodeus) This demonic bird has the same stats as the limb demons, and Am magic detection and Ex growth as well."	Magic Detection;Growth
Magical Boost +1cs to all spells preformed	Magic:1
Dimensional Spells 	Magic:Dimensional
"Enchantment Sh-Z ability to create magical items, usually for the use of his minions."	Magic:Enchantment
"Gaea Am, Morgan can entreat this entity for Plant and Nature Control spells."	Magic:Nature
Other Personal Spells Ex	Magic:Personal
Personal Spells 	Magic:Personal
Personel Spells Gd or Ex	Magic:Personal
Ritual Magic Agatha Harkness has at her command a great variety of magical spells which gave her the following powers at Mn rank:	Magic:Ritual
"Darkhold Mn, Only available when she has the book."	Magic:Ritual
Spell of Silence Automatic; No FEAT roll needed.	Magic:Silence
Locater Spell Am ability to find someone	Magic:Tracking
Other Universal Nature Spells Am	Magic:Universal
Other Universal Spells Rm	Magic:Universal
Other Universal spells In	Magic:Universal
Universal Spells 	Magic:Universal
"Unviersal Spells Ex, has the following Universal Spells:"	Magic:Universal
Detect Magnetic Fields Mn	Magnetic Detection
Magnetic Detection Am	Magnetic Detection
Magnetic Control Un	Magnetic Manipulation
Magnetic Force Mn intensity	Magnetic Manipulation
Magnetic Generation Sh-Y	Magnetic Manipulation
Magnetic Manipulation Un	Magnetic Manipulation
Magnetism Mn damage to electronics.	Magnetic Manipulation
"Magnetokinesis Am, Grid is able to perform the following power stunts:"	Magnetic Manipulation
Metal Ionization Electro was taught by Doctor Octopus during a stint in prison that he could ionize metals. He is able to lift ferrous material with Am ability.	Magnetic Manipulation
Ferrokinesis Lift Ferrous objects as if with Un strength.	Magnetic Manipulation
"Martial Arts Elektra was a master at Martial Arts, and could Stun and Slam opponents of greater Endurance than her Strength."	Martial Arts
Martial Arts Supremacy Un	Martial Arts Supremacy
Martial Arts Supremacy (Yaw-Yan) Ex	Martial Arts Supremacy
Martial Striking Am	Martial Arts Supremacy
"Training Through extensive training, Elektra has mastered the following techniques:"	Martial Arts Supremacy
Conversion CL3000	Matter Manipulation
Continuum Control Hyperstorm is able to tinker with the nature of matter and have some control over the space/time continuum at Sh-Z rank. This power he may perform as one or more of these powers	Matter Manipulation
"Elemental Conversion, Molecular Conversion, and Mechanical Creation Un ability to manipulate matter and can rearrange the molecules of matter to create other configurations. He cannot, however, create life or living matter from nothing."	Matter Manipulation
"Energy and Matter Control CL1000, Shuma-gorath can defend himself by dissipating up to 200 points of ""physical"" energy and 1000 points of mystical energies which might be directed at the Lord of Chaos itself, but can undertake no other actions that turn. Shuma-gorath can magically manipulate matter consisting of volumes up to and including the solar system at Class 1000 rank, although control of volumes on a scale much larger than city-wide requires Shuma-gorath to pay 500 Karma in addition to any other considerations. One Power that Shuma-gorath can not mimic with this power is the ability to open dimensional gates into other realms. Shuma-Gorath is limited in its ability to move from one dimension to another and must rely on special procedures (see below) to do so."	Matter Manipulation
Energy Conversion CL1000	Matter Manipulation
"Environmental Independence Sustained by the cosmic energy in his body, Cosmic Man no longer needed food, water, air or rest and his lifespan was greatly enhanced."	Matter Manipulation
Hyper-Space Manipulation Hyperstorm is a mutant with the power to tap the extradimensional realm called hyper-space and the forces that eminate from within it for many effects:	Matter Manipulation
Manipulation Ex	Matter Manipulation
"Matter Alteration Un ability to alter molecular and subatomic structures, both in his own techno-organic components (though this may be a function of telekinesis, as opposed to a discreet superhuman power), and the very chemical valences in objects i.e. changing food into poison, moving oxygen molecules to cause asphyxiation, transforming a man into a hideous man-bat or even changing the dermal layer of another's hands into glowing algae."	Matter Manipulation
Matter Animation Rm	Matter Manipulation
Matter Control CL3000	Matter Manipulation
Matter Control (all forms) Un	Matter Manipulation
Matter Control and Conversion Un ability to control and convert various forms of matter.	Matter Manipulation
Matter Manipulation Am	Matter Manipulation
Matter Manipulation and Control Alpha has the ability to control vast energies allowing him to manipulate and control all living and non-living matter. He has been	Matter Manipulation
Matter Rearrangement In	Matter Manipulation
Matter Rearrangement and Transformation Un	Matter Manipulation
"Matter Rearranger Rm Matter Manipulation, but not Transmutation. This ring cannot work on Force Fields."	Matter Manipulation
Matter Reconstruction Am ability to restructure matter. He used this to reconstruct Sophie Cuckoo's deceased body	Matter Manipulation
Matter Transformation Rm ability to transform coal into diamond	Matter Manipulation
Matter Transformation and Manipulation Un	Matter Manipulation
Matter Transmutation Am ability to transmute non-living matter	Matter Manipulation
Matter-Manipulation as does the Silver Surfer.	Matter Manipulation
Molding Un	Matter Manipulation
"Molding/Animate/Molecular Conversion Un ability, but he must be touching the objects that he affects with this power."	Matter Manipulation
"Molecular Acceleration Mn ability to generate hyperkinetic vibrations that accelerate the molecules in matter, causing any solid object he directs his vibrations at to explode. It is unknown what happens to organic material or people."	Matter Manipulation
"Molecular and Energy Manipulation Sh-X ability to manipulate, rearrange or alter energy or physical structures"	Matter Manipulation
"Molecular Control CL1000, and can even affect Thor's Hammer and Captain America's Shield. Molecule Man can perform the following power stunts:"	Matter Manipulation
Molecular Conversion Rm ability to transform metal into volcanic ash	Matter Manipulation
Molecular Manipulation Am ability to transmute living and non-living matter. He can sustain the transformation up to a minute.	Matter Manipulation
"Molecular Rearrangement Un, by rearranging his molecules, • --|A|-- • is able to perform the following power stunts:"	Matter Manipulation
"Molecular Reconstruction Un ability to alter the molecular structure of anything he touches, including living beings, solid objects and air. Mister M can perform several power stunts, but has shown the following:"	Matter Manipulation
"Molecular Transformation  As Cosmic Man, Midas retained his ability to turn anything he touches to gold but his power rank was enhanced. He could transmute any type of matter he touched into solid gold at a rate of roughly 1 cubic foot per round."	Matter Manipulation
"Particle Manipulation and Absorption Am power over reality enables her to absorb, generate and manipulate vast amounts of raw power for various effects. Ellie has vast control over both matter and or energy, quite possibly on a quantum level. Having been able to reform Inferno's fire into flaming monkeys, disassemble Domino and Gorilla-Man's guns into their component parts, transmute Jack-Chain's darkforce links into butterflies, completely absorb The Presence's nuclear energy, and even creating material energy duplicates of herself."	Matter Manipulation
Transmutation Mn ability to transmute living and non-living matter.	Matter Manipulation
"Transmutation Power Am ability to reach into the molecular structure of an object and alter its physical state, turning it from or to liquid, solid or gas. She can also make changes to the molecular structure of matter. Up to 4 areas"	Matter Manipulation
Creation CL3000	Matter Manpulation
"Binary Mind Un ability to link with electronics and computers, and to do calculations quickly. So he has a +2cs Reason to determine complex puzzles, mathematic equations, or encryption attempts."	Mechanical Control
Enhanced Intelligence Mn ability to comprehend/design/repair technology	Mechanical Intuition
"Intuitive Aptitude Un ability to disassemble complex devices explosively (separating every last component, such as screws, nuts, circuit boards, etc.) and, just as quickly, easily assemble complex devices."	Mechanical Intuition
Inventing and Kit-Bashing Milan has created several electronic and computerized devices that included the following:	Mechanical Intuition
"Invention Forge can subconciously understand and then create sophisticated devices, giving him the equivalent of Mn kit-bashing in cybernetics, electronics and sonics and Un in optics and holographics."	Mechanical Intuition
Repair Systems Ex Regeneration	Mechanical Intuition
Repair Technology Un	Mechanical Intuition
"Technoforming Am ability to manipulate mechanical components, assembling them into a variety of different configurations by modifying their shape and construction"	Mechanical Intuition
Technopath Am ability to directly interface with the various technologies.	Mechanical Intuition
Technopathy Un	Mechanical Intuition
Special Devices The Fixer has used the following types of devices:	Mechanical Intuition
"Life, Psi Detection In ability to detect the presence of other living things, and whether or not they have any sort of psionic activity (or even sentient thought)"	Mental Detection
"Mental Detection Am ability to sense the presence of another superhuman mutant within a small but as yet undefined radius of himself, by perceiving the distinctive mental radiations emitted by such a being."	Mental Detection
Psionic Detection Am	Mental Detection
Astral Theft CL1000 control of soul's of sleepers	Mind Control
"Auto-Hypnosis Rm ability to place himself in a state of light auto-hypnosis to perform critical tasks, such as self-surgery"	Mind Control
"Body Possession Un, T.J has the ability to enter a person's body and take control of her target with Un ability. This also gives the target a mental barrier with Un abilities. Once, T.J. leaves a body, the target will be unconscious for 12 hours."	Mind Control
"Brain Rewiring Pretty Boy can extend fiber-optic cables into a victim, link his mind to theirs and then corrupt them, transforming them into a morally degenerate Reaver. It requires a Yellow Psyche FEAT to resist."	Mind Control
Brainwave Manipulation Am	Mind Control
"Controlled Light-Effect Hypnotize a target at Rm rank, range of 1 area."	Mind Control
Demonic Possession Un	Mind Control
"Dream Control In, Morpheus could not use this power directly, but had to use his Mind Control to take over the mind of someone else. This someone became a pawn and was temporarily given the Dream Control power, which was used on another victim. Morpheus has since become able to do this himself without the need for a proxy."	Mind Control
"Encephalo Beam In Mind Control, Ultron uses this ability to put antagonists to sleep, and to control minds to help him rebuild his body."	Mind Control
Enslavement Beam Mn purple beam that puts her target under her thrall. The target must make a Red Psyche FEAT vs. breaking her thrall	Mind Control
"Hallucination Un ability to fill a victim’s mind with illusions. He is most powerful when creating a single hallucination for a single victim. Although others may experience this hallucination, it will have limited effect on them since it is not tailored to exploit their own fears. D’spayre can create simultaneously-occuring, independent hallucinations for a number of victims, but each additional hallucination decreases his effective power rank -1cs. Victims may dispel the illusion by making an Intuition FEAT."	Mind Control
Hallucinations Un	Mind Control
"Hallucinations / Hypnosis By spitting on others, or otherwise exposing them to his bodily fluids, Noh-Varr can reach into a person's mind, after a fashion, and cause them to experience vivid hallucinations. Furthermore, people so affected seem subject to his will with In ability."	Mind Control
Hypnosis Rm ability to hypnotize potential victims by staring into their eyes.	Mind Control
Hypnotic Control Mn	Mind Control
"Hypnotic Fists Iron Fist can manifest Ex Hypnosis from the power of the Iron Fist. This power does not require a Psyche FEAT, but it does count towards the cumulative -1cs for using the Iron Fist power multiple times."	Mind Control
"Hypnotic Gaze In ability to create illusions or phantom images directed at one person, provided would-be victim looks at her. If Sister Dream makes a FEAT roll, she catches her intended victim with her hypnotic gaze. The target must make a Red FEAT roll to escape the illusion she creates for them. Targets who have Rm Psyche need to make a Yellow FEAT roll; those with In or Am Psyche need to make a Green FEAT roll. People whose Psyche are Mn or better cannot be duped by Sister Dream's gaze. Victims who fail their FEAT roll cannot take any action and nearby villains get a free attack against them. If someone takes damage while under Sister Dream's power, the pain will bring them back to reality."	Mind Control
Hypnotic Mind Control In ability to control the minds of others upon eye contact.	Mind Control
Hypnotism Rm ability to hypnotize others by gazing into their eyes for a short period of time.	Mind Control
Induced Amnesia induce amnesia with a Red FEAT.	Mind Control
"Inkling Creation Mn, Price could spit pieces of the symbiote onto people, which latched onto their faces and allowed Lee to control them"	Mind Control
Mental Blocks the victim must make an Un Psyche FEAT to be able to harm Mr. Sinister. This power takes a year of preparation of the subject.	Mind Control
Mental Command Mn	Mind Control
Mental Control Am	Mind Control
Mental Control (Limited) Rm	Mind Control
Mental Control and Guidance Spencer Smythe mentally controlled this robot up to 1 mile away	Mind Control
"Mental Sedating Mn ability to telepathically ""sedate"" her victims so that, if already rendered unconscious, they remain so for as long as she continues to ""sedate"" them."	Mind Control
"Mento Intensifier Rm Mind Control, 1 area"	Mind Control
Mesmerism Am power with Un range.	Mind Control
Mesmerize Sh-X	Mind Control
"Mind Alteration Mn ability to suggest ideas, and manipulate certain beings into acting the way she wants."	Mind Control
Mind Control Sh-X rank and range	Mind Control
Mind Control Pod Rm	Mind Control
"Mind Control Touch Mn potent psychoactive chemical that, upon con tact with another person’s skin, triggers a metabolic change that overrides the inhibition center of the brain. As a result, the victim is very susceptible to the Corruptor’s suggestions, or left to his or her own volition, will act in a highly uninhibited, selfish, or immoral manner."	Mind Control
"Mind Possession In ability to possess the mind of another, and use that beings body as your own"	Mind Control
Mind Thrust Am ability to seize control over an individual's mind.	Mind Control
Mind Transferal Doom can trigger his Am ability with anyone in 3 areas of him who makes eye contact with him. Targets get to make a Psyche FEAT vs. Am to resist power.	Mind Control
Mind Trap Adam's clairvoyant visions and unique temporal perspective can overwhelm	Mind Control
Mind Wipe Mn	Mind Control
"Mind-Trap Telepathic characters trying to read Dominic’s mind can be overwhelmed by his sensory awareness, and must make an Intuition FEAT Roll vs. Am intensity to avoid being incapacitated for 1-10 (divided by 1/2) rounds."	Mind Control
"Momentary trance Am induced trance for 1 round, often used with Momentary Speed to create the illusion of teleporting."	Mind Control
"Personality Alteration Am ability to alter the minds of others by force of will, thus permanently changing their personality partially or entirely"	Mind Control
Persuasion Am ability to mentally command someone to take an action.	Mind Control
"Pixie Dust Pixie's Pixie Dust is capable of making a target hallucinate with In ability, 1 area"	Mind Control
Plant Suggestions Am ability to plant suggestions into one's head.	Mind Control
Possesion target obeys Maximus's every thought.	Mind Control
"Possession The Destroyer absorbs a person's Psyche into the armor, if the armor is somehow destroyed, the person's Psyche is lost"	Mind Control
Psionic Control Mn	Mind Control
"Psionic Virus Rm ability to create psionic ""viruses"" that can delete memories, impair motor skills and corrupt basic bodily functions, sometimes permanently."	Mind Control
Puppetry Am	Mind Control
"Repent Individuals with negative Popularity may ""repent"" while under the effects of the daggers. This ""repenting"" reduces negative Popularity to 0 and eliminates any Karma possessed by the target. Whether the NPC ""repents"" is determined by a Psyche FEAT against Ex intensity. At the Judge's option, certain villains may automatically resist ""repenting."""	Mind Control
Spirit Control Mn ability to draw a sleeper's spirit into his lair. The can escape by making a Psyche FEAT.	Mind Control
"Sympathetic Magic Puppet Master has Mn Mind Control. He must carve and color an effigy of his intended victim with his Radioactive Clay. Once the effigy resembles an individual, he can control the real person's body and mind. By physically moving the effigy, the individual will perform the action. He can control only a single individual at one time. Masters cannot hurt the victim by mutilating the effigy, for it needs to be flawless for him to control the victim."	Mind Control
Telepathic Suggestion Rm	Mind Control
"Vampire Control As Lord of the Vampires, Dracula could control the actions of another vampire by making a Psyche FEAT against the other vampire’s Psyche."	Mind Control
Vocal Trance Am ability to subtly influence people's subconscious mind by changing the tones and vibrations of his voice using sonics	Mind Control
"Control Feral Characters Lupo can control characters such as Wolverine, Sabretooth, Wild Child, etc. They receive a Psyche FEAT against Lupo's power rank of Rm with +2cs in their favor"	Mind Control:Ferals
"Proto-Clone Body Octavius transferred his consciousness to a Proto-Clone of Peter Parker, granting him the following abilities:"	Mind Control:Transfer
"Mind Set After Otto Octavius swapped minds with Peter Parker, he experienced felt all of Parker's  life-changing and philosophy-forming moments. Otto promises to not only live as Peter lived, but actually become a better, and yes, ""Superior"" Spider-Man."	Mind Control:Transwer
Mind Transfer Mn ability to transfer her mind to new host bodies. She is able to perform the following power stunts:	Mind Control:Transwer
Mind Transference The androids are used to give the Supreme Intelligence mobility. The first RIP stats are for the android's default setting. The second RIP is for when the android is under the Supreme Intelligence's control.	Mind Control:Transwer
Mind Transferral he may switch his mind with another person's who is then trapped in Maximus's (usually comatose) body. It is unknown if Maximus could use this power to survive the death of his own body.	Mind Control:Transwer
"Erase/Create Memories Un ability, uninterrupted concentration for 2 rounds."	Mind Cotronl
"Monstrous Form Madman has the ability to change into a large, superhumanly strong monstrous form and back. This form gives him the following abilities:"	Monster
Mutant Physiology Aries is a mutant that looks a half-man/half-goat creature. His very body gives him the following abilities:	Mutant
"Mutant/Gamma Mutate Cyborg H-Alpha was subjected to experiments that grafted him the DNA of both Logan, the Hulk and a host of other powered individuals. His skeleton was additionally bonded to Adamantium. H-Alpha also possesses the ability to change to and from his human form in spite of having his skeleton laced with Adamantium. It has been theorized nanotechnology reverse-engineered from Lady Deathstrike could make this possible. It grants him the following abilities:"	Mutant
"Mutation Darren doesn't have his Nucleorganic Pacemaker anymore, but his mutation still persists, he has the following range of abilities because of it:"	Mutant
"Neyaphem Physiology Azazel is the leader of the Neyaphim, a race of mutants from biblical times. He has a number of powers based upon that physiology:"	Mutant
"Nocturnal Abilities Greymalkin has a number of abilities that wax and wane with exposure to light. His powers appear to strenghten with a lack of light, and he is weaker with exposure to light (though is not powerless). He has demonstrated the following:"	Mutant
Nuclear Powered Physiology The Presence gained superhuman powers as a result of mutation through exposure to nuclear radiation. The Presence can perform the following abilities:	Mutant
Oral Singularity Azimuth's mutant ability is the generation of a black hole originating from her own unhinged mouth. It allows her to perform the following power stunts:	Mutant
"Shifting Crystalline Skin Laurie is one of five post-M-Day mutant activations. It provided her with blue skin that enhanced her physiology, giving her the following abilities:"	Mutant
"Unstable Molecule Shifting Ex, Rachel is able to rearrange Unstable Molecules in her and other people's costume for disguises or dressing down"	Mutant
"Genetic Manipulation Due to genetic manipulation, the Man with No Face has the following abilities:"	Mutant
"Genetically Enhanced Physiology June has a genetically enhanced body due to manipulating her own body on a genetic level, she is capable of the following abilities:"	Mutant
"Multiple Brains Fantomex is an artifically-evolved human that possesses multiple brains for independent parallel processing, nano-active blood and an external nervous system, known as <a href=""/comics/benriely/eva.html"">E.V.A.</a>, Fantomex has the following power stunts"	Mutant
Mutagenic Radiation Treatments Unicorn has undergone mutagenic radiation treatments which gave him superhuman strength and endurance. It grants him the following abilities:	Mutant
"Infertile Eggs It was discovered that the ""gold balls"" Fabio produces are actually infertile eggs. In conjunction with the group known as the Five, Fabio forms a key part of Krakoa's ability to revive dead mutants."	Mutant
Genetic Perception In ability to scan a person for all possible mutations and abilities in their genetic code.	Mutant Detection
Mutant Detection CL1000	Mutant Detection
Mutant Energy Detection Am ability to know everything about a mutants powers and his surface thoughts and memories	Mutant Detection
Mutant and Astral Projection Detection In	Mutant Detection;Astra Projection
Nanobot Control Un ability to control the nanites that compose his body. He can use the nanobots to interface with technology at Mn rank	Nanobot Control
"Corpse Reanimation Un ability to alter the DNA structure of his victims with the ""T-O Virus,"" enabling him to reanimate corpses. The amount of Health depends on the source (Health of living creatures, material of objects, or Judge’s discretion). He may perform this conversion as a FEAT vs. Un intensity"	Necromancy
Control over the dead of Niffleheim and Hel CL3000 Mind Control.	Necromancy
Undead Control Un control over the lower forms of the undead.	Necromancy
"Zombie Creation Rm, She can also re-animate a corpse with the orignal abilities and personality."	Necromancy
Communication with the Deceased In ability to communicate telepathically with dead spirits either using their physical remains or on the astral plane	Necromancy
Raise Dead Special Ceremony magic that can only be attempted once on each corpse. A successful Psyche FEAT roll is needed for completion.	Necromancy:1
Temporary Resurection Am ability to resurrect the recently deceased as zombies or ghosts	Necromancy:1
"Necromancy Mn, The Black Talon can create zombies. To do so, Black Talon must perform a mystical ceremony in the presence of the corpse to be reanimated. As many as 20 zombies may be created at one time. A zombie created from a normal man has the following stats:"	Necromancy:20
1	None
Non-Ferrous Manipulation Mn	Non-Magnetic Manipulation
Dilate Power Am ability to place “psychic inhibitors” in the minds of mutant adversaries to prevent them from using their powers.	Nullifying Power
"Power Block Un, Kaidan has the ability to block the use of a target’s power through mental blocks. However, this does not alter one’s appearance"	Nullifying Power
Power Dilation Am ability to place “psychic inhibitors” in the minds of mutant adversaries to prevent them from using their powers.	Nullifying Power
Power Manipulation Mn ability to tap into and suppress mutant energies	Nullifying Power
Power Negation Mn ability to bottle up physical or energy powers that are less than Mn	Nullifying Power
"Random Mutant-Power Adaptation Am ability to automatically counter other mutant powers randomly. He is able to generate a defense against rust and magnetism, can produce a high-pitched whistle against Wolfsbane, generated a counter-wind against Pirouette, deployed a counter-magnetic force against Polaris, and proved resistant against Havok's plasma energy. This power should be considered Nemesis towards powers used against him."	Nullifying Power
"Superhuman Control Un ability to keep other superhuman abilities in check, such as he once did with the X-Man Rogue."	Nullifying Power
Conscious Power Negation Another Endurance FEAT to avoid conscious powers also being disrupted for 1-10 rounds.	Nullifying Power
Disable Mutant Powers Am	Nullifying Power
Energy Dampening  Waxworks can decease the strength of any or all power and superhuman stats within 3 areas of him by +2cs. He is completely in control of this power and can decease just those powers he chooses automatically	Nullifying Power
Neatralize Non-Magical Powers within 3 areas for 3 rounds. One round to cast.	Nullifying Power:Magic
Negate Sound negate others Sonic and Sound-based powers with Am ability up to 8 areas	Nullifying Power:Sound
"Offspring Detection The symbiote is also capable of psychically detecting its offspring with Am ability; however, with effort, this ability can be blocked."	Offspring Detection
Oil Nozzle Rm intensity oil slick	Oil Slick
Kinetic Control Un Paralysis/Momentum	Paralysis
Mental Paralysis Am ability to induce temporary mental or physical paralysis	Paralysis
"Neural Disruptors Archangel can fire a barrage of feather-shaped neural disruptors, filling up 2 areas. Anyone in these 2 areas must make an End FEAT vs. Mn intensity or be paralyzed for 2-20 rounds."	Paralysis
Paralysis Rm	Paralysis
"Paralyzing Spray The Cat can belch yellow paralyzing foam from its mouth. The range of the spray is 2 areas; accuracy is determined by the Cat’s Mn Fighting. The foam possesses Un Paralysis. Targets must make an Endurance FEAT to avoid being paralyzed for 1-10 turns. Those making the FEAT are only paralyzed for a single turn. The foam can penetrate cloth and most natural armor skins. It cannot penetrate force fields opposing physical attacks, sealed inorganic armor such as a space suit or Iron Man’s armor, or armor skins or Invulnerabilities of greater than Un rank."	Paralysis
Venom Strike In ability to temporarily paralyze his enemies by simply touching them with his hands. Victim must make a Red Endurance FEAT vs. paralysis for 1-10 rounds	Paralysis
Singing Ty	Performing
Apparation Acts as CL1000 Phasing	Phasing
Avoid Attacks He can allow attacks he's aware of to pass through him. He should have to make an Intuition FEAT to see if he noticed the attack coming.	Phasing
Cloud of Mist This allows her passage through tight spaces and allowed her to fly at 1 area/round (she could not be harmed by physical attacks in this form)	Phasing
Dispersal Mn ability to disperse or split apart	Phasing
"Gaseous Body Asylum’s body has been transformed into non-corporeal mists providing her with Un protection against all forms of attack, except mental attacks. Apparently Asylum’s head is still solid, so a Red result enables an attack to hit her normally."	Phasing
Gaseous Form Abyss's seems to be compose of a living gas. She seems to be able to solidify her form. She has the following power stunts	Phasing
Gaseous State Mn ability to turn herself into an intangible gas. She can perform the following power stunts:	Phasing
"Phasing Am ability to pass through solid matter by passing her atoms through the spaces between the atoms of the object through which she is moving. In this way, she and the object through which she is passing can temporarily merge without interacting, and each is unharmed when Cassandra has finished passing through the object. This process is called “phasing.” When Cassandra is phasing she is intangible."	Phasing
"Atomic Dispersal Un, transforms Julie into fog up to 2 areas in volume. Has the following power stunts:"	Phasing
"Pheromone Control Am ability to stimulate the pleasure centers of a target's brain. This affects creatures for 10-100 rounds, making them friendly and cooperative. It is avoidable only on a successful Psyche FEAT roll or if Stacy X order them to perform an act that would lose Karma."	Pheromones
"Pheromones Am ability to manipulate his pheromones for the purpose of suppressing his own scent. He has been known to use this power to instill intense fear, happiness, depression, and a false sense of security to other beings."	Pheromones
Pheromonous Venom Allows Toad to control minds with Ex ability	Pheromones
Psycho-Stimulatory Pheromone This pheromone based power allows Spoor to control other people's emotion with Rm ability. A victim can resist this attack with a sealed suit with self sustained air supply or powers such as wind that can blow the pheromones away or with a successful Endurance FEAT. Spoor has a death wish and tends to uses his powers to have his opponents see him with utmost hatred in the hopes that they will &#64257;ght him with full fury.	Pheromones
"Photographic Reflexes Echo can copy all talents, moves and fighting or agility based talents from people she has observed for more than 2 rounds. She must make a Mn power FEAT to do so. In combat, she can automatically block one attack by a studied character on a power FEAT, she can block 2 attack if she succeeds an In powers FEAT. In addition, studied characters are at -2CS against her. If a character drastically changes her fighting style into an erratic, chaotic style (fight at -3CS with no talent bonus) then Echo cannot use this power and is at -2CS"	Photographic Reflexes
"Photosynthesis He could breathe oxygen like a human, or photosynthesize, and thus did not require food or oxygen to survive"	Photosynthesis
Botanopathy Am ability to communicate with plant life.	Plant Control
"Chlorokinesis Rm control over plant-life, which can be vastly increased through means like the Death Blossom"	Plant Control
Create monstrous plant/animal hybrids Mn	Plant Control
"Flora Control Sh-X ability to control trees, using them to attack others."	Plant Control
"Mesmerism (Plants) Rm, only one plant at a time."	Plant Control
"Plant Communication Mn, 40 areas with any and all plant-based life."	Plant Control
Plant Control Blackheath also possesses the power to make plant life do as he wishes with Sh-Z ability	Plant Control
"Plant Growth Blackheath often uses his skills to create useful plants, including giant Venus flytraps and strangling vines. She has the ability to cause plant life to grow at an Sh-X rate."	Plant Control
Plant Manipulation Un	Plant Control
Communicate with Plants Sh-Z	Plant Control
Habitat These flowers grow to create a self-sustaining biome that is part of Krakoa’s consciousness.	Plant Control
Human/Cotati Hybrid Physiology Quoi had enhanced abilities of a plant and a human. His body grants him the following:	Plant Control
No-Place These flowers are not naturally occurring and grow to create a self-sustaining biome that is outside of the consciousness of Krakoa. These biomes are considered Krakoan tumors.	Plant Control
"Plant Abilities In her role as the Celestial Madonna, she formed a union with the Cotati, an ancient race of plants. With this union, she gained a number of plant-like abilities, though it is unknown if she retains these powers now that she has been returned to her original body. Her plant-simulacrum bodies had these abilities;"	Plant Control
"Distend Rm Plasticity; use to determine escape attempts, passage through tight spaces and he has morphed around bullets (this hurts. If Morbius does this he takes full damage from the bullets, but isn't killed by them)"	Plasticity
"Elasticity Pr, The humanoids rubbery plastic bodies could be somewhat stretched without damage to its systems."	Plasticity
Oozing Boy-Thing can ooze through small-sized openings. The smaller the opening the longer it takes.	Plasticity
"Plasticity In resistance to Force or Slugfest, Rm resistance to Edge, Ex resistance to Energy. When engaging in Wrestling or Grappling combat, his Strength is considered to be Rm."	Plasticity
Rubber Body Flubber’s very body gives him the following power stunts:	Plasticity
"Thinness Am, has the following power stunts:"	Plasticity
"Poison The N'Garai's claws are coated with a deadly poison. Victims must make an Endurance FEAT against In intensity each round for 6 rounds. Each failed FEAT result costs them 20 Heath points. The victim must make an Endurance FEAT against In intensity or suffer a 1cs on all actions for 6 rounds, against Rm intensity or suffer a -2cs on all actions for 6 rounds, against Ex intensity or become incapacitated with pain for 6 rounds and against Gd intensity to avoid falling unconscious for 6 minutes."	Poison
"Poison Bite Ex intensity poison, victims must make an Endurance FEAT vs. falling unconscious for 1-10 hours. Failure to make a second FEAT deceases the victim's Endurance -1cs"	Poison
"Poison Physiology During the Poison invasion on Earth, Jimmy was assimilated by one of the creatures, but seems to have gained control over it as a result of the Hive Queen's death. Hudson and the symbiote must be attacked separately. When you try to attack them, your -6cs to attack. It has Rm resistance against attacks and has 30 Health. The Symbiote can regenerate 6 points of Health a round. When the symbiote fall to 0 Health, it is knocked unconscious for 1-10 rounds. The Symbiote provides Hudson with the following abilities"	Poison
"Psychoactive Virus Pestilence can release a psychoactive virus into others upon contact, causing Ex physical and mental deterioration in his opponents. Victim must make a Red End FEAT vs. Blacking out"	Poison
"Toxic Touch Mn, Scorpion can redirect the accumulated toxins through her left arm with fatal effects for anything she touches."	Poison
Toxin Ex toxin when Toad licks the skin of his target.	Poison
"Venom Poisonous snakes have from Ex - In poison, in which the venom forces FEAT roll every 10 rounds AFTER successful Endurance FEAT roll for the entire day, or until treated. If the roll is failed, the venom takes effect in the bloodstream, forcing an Endurance FEAT every 2 rounds from victim or lose 1 Endurance rank. With every 2 Endurance ranks lost, 1 F, A, S, & R is also lost, until F, A, S ranks go to -6CS or victim dies"	Poison
Terrigen Disease Am ability to spread an unknown terrigen disease that would kill off all things not Inhuman.	Poison Area:Terrigen
Poison Detection T'Challa can detect poison with Am ability despite someone's attempts to hide it.	Poison Detecton
"Poisoned Claws Adder's gloves contain Am poison. The claws could be used to inflict Ex Edge, injecting the poison. The victim must make an Am Endurance FEAT roll or fall unconscious and lose one rank of Endurance per round until dead. An Endurance FEAT roll (at the reduced rank) could be made each round until the victim was dead. The antidote is in his belt."	Poison;Edge
"Poisonous Bite Rm Edge, Victim must make a Red Endurance FEAT, failure results in unconsciousness for 1-10 rounds or even death."	Poison;Edge
"Poisonous Fangs Rm Edge, Toxin's fangs can deliver an In Toxin into a victim"	Poison;Edge
"Pollution Stare A successful grapple for 1 round enables him to use the Pollution Stare. Unlike the Penance Stare that makes the victim feel every pain that that individual has ever inflicted on anyone else innocent in their lifetime, the Pollution Stare magnifies the corruption of the subject until it consumes them. a Psyche FEAT vs. Am intensity on the victims part is allowed. If they pass, they are cleansed of evil and are a changed person. If they fail, they lose a rank of Psyche permanently and pass out for 1-100 rounds... If below Fe, they go insane."	Pollution Stare
Post Cognition Snowbird has the ability to see events that have occured upto 6 hours before with a successful Psyche FEAT. A red FEAT means that events upto 12 hours can be seen.	Postcognition
Post-Cognition Pr ability to see events that occurred up to four weeks ago. He must be at the site of the event in order for this power	Postcognition
"Postcognition In ability to see the recent history of an object or person. Madame Web must attempt a Power Rank FEAT, with the color result determining the length of time scanned"	Postcognition
Retrocognitive Am ability to see the past.	Postcognition
Download Rm ability to transfer and/or copy skills and powers to and from himself.	Power Absorption
Energy Siphoning Am ability to siphon off energy and other mutants powers. How long this lasts is unknown.	Power Absorption
"Power Absorbtion Un, but he does not gain the ability to control them and the target retains them,."	Power Absorption
"Power Absorption Master Pandemonium can absorb his demons he summons, giving him the same body armor and flight."	Power Absorption
"Power Duplication Un ability to to duplicate the powers of nearby mutants. She did not need to touch them like Rogue has to do, but since these mutants were in relatively close by at the time, it is unknown what is the range of her power"	Power Absorption
"Nemesis Heather possesses the mutant ability to spontaneously manifest any power capable of countering an adversary or situation. Heather can create more that one power at a time, however it takes one full turn to manifest and function at In rank. Some powers she has displayed to date include"	Power Absorption
"Template Recall Rogue is able to recall any powers she had ever absorbed, in addition to the Ms. Marvel powers which always stayed ""on."" When she first developed this power, Rogue would sometimes randomly sprout claws, steel skin, or even optic blasts. Through meditation, she was able to gain a limited amount of control over the templates and kept them from haphazardly manifesting. Sage later accelerated this ability. She has used the following:"	Power Absorption
"Power Imitation upon touch with Am ability, 5 rounds, only Body Control, Body Alterations and Energy projection powers can be duplicated (not Alter Ego, Growth, Shrinking, Extra Body Parts, Immotality)"	Power Absorption:Contorl-Alteration-Projection
"Mimicry Due to a Gamma radition accident, Geiger has Mn ability to mimic the powers of any gamma-powered beings in her immediate vicinity; however, she has little control over these powers, a downside exacerbated by the fact that she also takes on personality aspects of whoever she is mimicing as well; however, Doc Samson has taught her to focus on his power, giving her the following power stunts:"	Power Absorption:Gamma
"Natural Affinity Un, Nature girl's power revolves around her attuning herself with various forms of fauna and flora. The limits of said power are currently undisclosed yet shown to include the following power stunts:"	Power Absorption:Nature
Power Control Un control over any physical powers anyone else tries to use in his dimension.	Power Control
"Black Vortex Empowerment As result of being under the cosmic power of the corrupting Black Vortex, Warren gained a whole new list of abilities of a similar yet radicalized variation of his future selves’ Celestial tech powers, growing powerful enough to shatter the Kree home-world's defenses with ease. He gained the following abilities:"	Power Cosmic
"Odin Power CL1000, The Odin Force enables him to tap into the practically infinite resources of cosmic and mystical energies of the dimension Asgard exists within, enhancing all of his abilities in turn. He has the following power stunts:"	Power Cosmic
Omni-Power Infinity is the sibling of Death and considers Eternity as its mate. It can use any listed Power or Stunt with CL5000 ability.	Power Cosmic
"Power Cosmic the ability to gather, channel and manipulate vast quantities of Cosmic Energies with Mn ability within a 2000 miles range, Air-Walker has the following power stunts:"	Power Cosmic
Power Primordial Sh-X	Power Cosmic
"The Uni-Power Sh-Z, the Uni-Power grants the user with the following abilities:"	Power Cosmic
"Thorforce CL1000, The Thorforce enables him to tap into the practically infinite resources of cosmic and mystical energies of the dimension Asgard exists within, enhancing all of his abilities in turn. He has the following power stunts:"	Power Cosmic
Uni-Force Spider-Man has all his usual powers with the following additions	Power Cosmic
The Enigma Force The Enigma Force grants the user with the following abilities:	Power Cosmic
"Power Detection Ex, Automatically detect any super being within 4 areas"	Power Detection
"Clairvoyance Adam sometimes gets psychic flashes of his family when they are in danger. He can see and gain some sense of the nature of the danger facing his family. Adam also experiences physical pain whenever one of his children dies, regardless of distance."	Precognition
Clairvoyant Am ability to see far off places or events as well as present events and her surroundings.	Precognition
Divination Am ability to divine the wishes of Yggdrasill through reading the patterns in falling leaves	Precognition
Dream-Sight Am ability to endure the psychic stress caused by the symbiotic telepathic link with the Orphan.	Precognition
Pre-Cognition CL5000	Precognition
Precognition Mn ability to foresee events before they have even come to pass.	Precognition
"Precognition (Death) Mn precognition powers (his ""Death Senses"" as he jokingly calls them), but its visions are usually limited to the upcoming death or bodily destruction of a character."	Precognition
Precognitive Am ability to see events destined to occur and experience precognitive visions. The functioning of this power is entirely up to the judge	Precognition
"Precognitive Deduction Given enough information on his target, Lobe can make uncanny deductive predications. In non-combat situations, he can predict what his target will do, when and where."	Precognition
"Rewound Reincarnation Moira is reincarnated in a new timeline upon death. From her second life onward, she could recollect all the memories she experienced in her previous lifetimes from as early as in utero. She can tap into this knowledge to predict what will happen in the future. This is handled very similarly to Precognition but is limited to information that Moira herself has experienced or witnessed. She could recall an event that happened nearby or watched on the news, but not know secret information she would have no access to."	Precognition:Past Lives
Scrying Un	Precognition:Past Lives
"Luck Manipulation Felicia unconsciously created a bad luck aura around her, causing bad luck to befall on those who try to attack her. This power often manifested itself in spectacular ways, always protecting her"	Probability Manipulation
"Probability Manipulation Longshot can manipulate the probability fields to his advantage. Any percentile dice roll is read as the high die first. If the character makes a roll containing a 0 the judge should secretly roll a d10. The number rolled is the die roll which will have bad luck, meaning the lowest number is read first. So should the Judge roll 4 the fourth roll after the FEAT with a 0 will be bad luck, this will also affect Longshot's companions. If Longshot would loose faith in his ability his luck will run bad until he succeeds in a Red Psyche FEAT."	Probability Manipulation
"Calculations Mn ability to calculate probabilities, to weigh the importance of one emergency against another."	Probably Calculation
Quiver Trick Shot's quiver holds up to 24 arrows of varying effects	Projectile Missile
Iron Will In	Psi-Screen
Mind Shield Am	Psi-Screen
Psi Screens Am (not in the same round as other mental powers)	Psi-Screen
"Psi-Immunity CL5000, Bastion does not have a presence on the psychic plane and can therefore not be controlled, attacked or contacted telepathically, Mental force attacks will work normally."	Psi-Screen
Psi-Screen Mn	Psi-Screen
Psi-screen Un	Psi-Screen
Psi-Screen device In	Psi-Screen
Psi-Shield Sentinels have Am Psi-Shield that protects the pilot	Psi-Screen
"Psionic Armor Mn protection vs. all attacks, Sh-X vs. mental."	Psi-Screen
"Psionic Shield Am ability to erect a psychic shield for protection of himself and of others minds. Blaquesmith has proven very difficulty to psychically assail, as he is very well skilled in shielding his own mind from mental-attacks (such as attempts to read, control or harm his own mind), and has been sufficient to protect himself from other psychics."	Psi-Screen
Psionic Shields Teon's animalistic mind seems possess a natural defense against telepathic reading or attack with Am ability.	Psi-Screen
Psychic Screen Am protection vs. Mental attacks	Psi-Screen
Psychic Shield Am protection vs. Mental attacks	Psi-Screen
Psychic Shielding Un protection vs. all psionic attacks	Psi-Screen
"Psychic Shields Un, Ulysses' mind has been described by Jean Grey as a closed system, which can't be read by telepaths."	Psi-Screen
Resistance to Psionics Am	Psi-Screen
Resistance to Telepathy Un	Psi-Screen
"Solar Shielding Psi-Field Using her plasma generation, Sunpyre can generate Rm protection vs. Mental attacks, Dominations and Probes"	Psi-Screen
"Telepathic Immunity Un, Emma Frost said that Blindfold's mind is in too much flux to for her to read. This does not necessarily mean that Blindfold would be immune to telepathic assaults or other telepathic abilities that only require the telepath to broadcast their power at the target's mind, only that her mind cannot be read telepathically. This would likely mean that she is also immune to telepathic control or possession."	Psi-Screen
Telepathic Inhibitors Special circuitry provides Am protection vs. Mind Control	Psi-Screen
Detection Scrambler Am protection vs. Electronic Mutant Detection	Psi-Screen
Cloak Mind Am ability to rearrange the “mental engrams” of mutants so their distinctive mutant thought patterns cannot be detected by Cerebro-type devises or by other telepaths.	Psi-Screen:Others
"Psychic Immunity Un Psi-Screen, Rm resistence vs. Magical effects"	Psi-Screen;Resist:Magic
Internal Radio In communications	Radio
Internal Radio Transcevier 20 mile range	Radio
"Repulsor Tech Node Thanks to the Repulsor Tech node implanted in her chest, which is linked to her brain, Pepper is able to interact with different types of energies and forces a normal human can't. The R.T. node acts like a new sense for its user. It enhances the metabolism, core strength, reaction time, and reflexes. The armor and her body are powered (Un intensity power source) by the high-yield arc reactor mounted in his chest. The high output of the arc reactor has given her the following:"	Reactor
Alter Reality Mn power to restructure the very fabric of reality	Reality Alteration
Reality Alteration Am	Reality Alteration
"Reality Manipulation Am, The Apprentice appears to have reality-altering abilities similar to The Marquis of Death but unlike his Master is still learning how to gain mastery over those skills."	Reality Alteration
"Reality Perception and Alteration Un ability to manipulate the networks of matter and energy which underlie reality, allowing him to transform objects and beings. Jamie can only affect a single indiviual or one area at once, with a maximum range of 1 area. To resist transformation, a living target must make an Endurance FEAT vs. his power's intensity. Indiviuals who are phasing get +3cs to resist his power. Jamie has performed the following power stunts:"	Reality Alteration
Reality Warping Am ability to warp reality. She created clothing and an entire house she lived in out of nothing.	Reality Alteration
"Space Manipulation Red Shift may warp space or shrink space, expand it and wrap it around himself with Am ability. Red Shift has the following power stunts:"	Reality Alteration
Time/Space Manipulation Un	Reality Alteration
Reality Incursion Detection Device Black Swan possess a device in her eyes allowing her to detect incoming reality incursion before it happens with Un ability.	Reality Detection
Database Most of Cache's knowledge is based on internet data he acquired	Recall
"Edetic Memory Numbers has an edetic memory for facts and figures, remembering libraries of information with uerring accuracy. He is also a lightning calculator, familiar with thousands of mathematics tables and algorithms."	Recall
"Eidetic Memory Rm, Bashur has an in&#64257;nite storage capacity in his mind, containing every piece of information he has been exposed to. Unfortunately, this data is streamed into his mind far faster than he can accurately scan it all consciously. Though the information is present in his mind, it takes a combination of meditation, e&#64256;ort and sheer willpower for Bashur to locate and extract speci&#64257;c bits of information on command."	Recall
"Hyper-Learning Mn, Lobe's enhanced intellect allows him to quickly learn and retain new information and skills. Acquiring new knowledge-based Talents cost Lobe only 25% of the normal Karma costs and takes only 25% of the time."	Recall
"Instantaneous Calculations Am ability to make precise calculations instantaneously. He is able to see these numbers, allowing him to do anything from redirecting a laser-guided missile with a mirror or tracking the Hulk based on his trajectory and jump height. Though this gift does come in handy when escaping, the strain of his mental calculations leaves him exhausted. He must make a Red Endurance FEAT vs. lose of Endurance"	Recall
"Photographic Memorization Am ability to ""photograph"" surroundings into his mind. He then can view the scene from different angles, and zoom any part if needed."	Recall
Recorded History Boudicca holds Un Reason on the past	Recall
Total Memory Am	Recall
Total Recal Mn	Recall
Total Recall Ex	Recall
Replay Rm ability to replay the recent past in short bursts. Seeing the events that happened walks by like phantoms	Recall
Data Analysis Un	Recall
"Encyclopedic Knowledge Un encyclopedic knowledge of all events, facts and secrets of the Marvel Universe up to the point at which she entered it; though she is aware that she is in a comic book, she is unable to acquire new extraordinary knowledge as she no longer has access to new comic books."	Recall
Self-Recovery Un	Recovery
"Chi Enhanced Healing He can use his chi to heal wounds and illness at Ex ability. Unlike Iron Fist, he can use this ability to regenerate, although at a slower pace, as demonstrated by Fat Cobra spending two years in a S.H.I.E.L.D. facility mending his spine and regrowing his legs."	Recovery
Recovery Un	Recovery
Self Recovery Un	Recovery
"Self Repair Master Mold can repair himself, using available technology and materials, with the equivalent of 20 Health regained per round, until reduced to 10 Health or less. At less than 10 Health, this power no longer functions."	Recovery
"Healing factor Bucky recovers Health as though his Endurance was +1cs. He can't regrow lost body parts, nor does it resurrect him after death."	Recovery:1
Recovery and Regeneration Gd	Recovery;Regeneration
"Light Reflection Prism can reflect the ambient light into a blinding flash of up to Mn intensity over a range of 3 areas, in any direction."	Reflection
"Energy Redirection Mn ability to redirect energy, even send it back to the source"	Reflection
"Energy Reflection Prism can reflect Energy attacks at victims up to 3 areas away, increasing the damage inflicted by +1cs to a maximum of Un. In this reflection, Prism can alter the energy wavelengths to affect individuals normally invulnerable to such energy."	Reflection
Reflection/Deflection Am	Reflection
"Anticipating and countering attacks on Reflex With a Successful power FEAT vs. the Fighting rank of her target each turn, Sage may tailor her actions to counteract those of her target, allowing her to act/change her actions after her target has declared theirs. Sage also receives a +1cs to any defensive action once her action has changed or if she acts after the target, and her opponent receives a -1cs to his attacks for that turn. This ability usually requires the hero to study the target for 1-10 turns, but Sage can overcome that limitation thanks to her Total Memory, recalling the similarities and tendencies of a target she has already observed. (Note"	Reflection:1;Opponent Action:-1
Reflection In ability to redirect energy attacks towards him	Reflection:Energy
"Repel In ability to repel objects and energy-based attacks away from him, not to him."	Reflection:Energy
"Defensive Portals can open up special dimensional portals, portals he can use to shunt the energy of incoming attacks away from himself. Only energy will pass through this portal, not matter, so a defensive portal lined up to absorb blasts of radiation completely shunts the attack, while a hailstorm of bullets will simply drop to the ground in front of the portal, all their kinetic energy spent. Defensive portals provides power rank defense against direct energy attacks, though they are -1cs against attacks delivered through a physical medium. This can also be used to redirect an incoming attack through another portal, allowing the character to hit his attacker or another target with the same attack."	Reflection:Energy;Reflection:Physical:-1
Psionic Reflection Immune to Psionic attacks. He reflects any attacks back upon the attacker with the same force that was used against him.	Reflection:Mental
Psychic Reflection Automatic reflection of any Psionic attack at -1cs; a Yellow Psyche FEAT Roll by the attacker stops the attack at it's inception.	Reflection:Mental
"Accelerated Healing In, making her younger and even more beautiful."	Regeneration
Healing Factor 5 per round	Regeneration
"Metahuman Regeneration Un, She regenerates and heals hundreds of times faster than a normal human. Thanks to this superhumanly regenerative ""healing factor,"" she has been able to completely recover from injuries which would prove fatal to most humans, even those with superhuman abilities. She can regenerate organs such as eyes or large portions of flesh, regenerate limbs, such as feet and arms, which have been completely severed."	Regeneration
Rapid Healing Ty	Regeneration
Regeneration Un	Regeneration
"Regeneration and Recovery Sh-Y, Madcap is able to regain 20 points/turn. Madcap cannot be slain and may attempt to regain lost Endurance by a FEAT roll every 10 turns. Stun results against him are considered slams and never spends Karma to make a FEAT roll."	Regeneration
Regenerative Healing Factor Ty	Regeneration
"Regenerative Immortality Treats all ""Kill"" results in combat as stuns, reducing his health to negative numbers does not effect him; rather his Recoveryis reduced to 10 until his Health climbs to 0."	Regeneration
Regenration Gd	Regeneration
"Regeration Am, 5 points/round"	Regeneration
Regneration Am	Regeneration
Self-Heal up to Mn damage a turn	Regeneration
Self-Healing Up to Un damage	Regeneration
Self-Regeneration Un	Regeneration
"Self-Repair Gd, providing that 10% of Health is intact. Regains 10 points each half hour. While under repair, all other abilities are - 2CS."	Regeneration
"Self-Repair Mechanisms Regain 10 Health/round, provided that they have at least 10% Health remaining. Once the Prime Sentinel's health falls below 10%, this power fails to operate."	Regeneration
Solar Regeneration Am unless he has no access to solar or laser energy.	Regeneration
Telekinetic Healing Mn Regeneration for himself and/or healing others of malignancies or bodily damage at an accelerated rate.	Regeneration
Protective Cocoon Warlock can spin a cocoon around himself in seconds at will. The cocoon is made of In strength material and gives him Mn self-healing abilities.	Regeneration
Ultimate Powers Rules Alter Ego regains 400 (100 X 4 (a CL3000 healing rate per turn) = 400) points per turn.	Regeneration:400
Instantly Heal up to 75 points of damage from a wound	Regeneration:75
"Standard Rules Ego regains 3000 points of damage every ten turns, as long as he takes no damage during that period of time."	Regeneraton:300
Forced Reincarnation Un ability to take a disembodied soul and place it into a new body.	Reincarnation
"Raising the Dead Un, Asgardian Gods only. Spirits must still be in body."	Reincarnation
Restore Life Un rank	Reincarnation
"Resurrect the Dead On a Red power FEAT, Jamie can resurrect the dead."	Reincarnation
Resurrection Anitun can pool her energy with other Philippine gods to raise the dead.	Reincarnation
"Revival Gd, The potency of Angel's blood is such that he can raise the newly dead. Will only work on subjects that have been dead less than an hour."	Reincarnation
"Self Revival Un, when he is killed, Drax is able to revive himself"	Reincarnation
Self-Revival Un	Reincarnation
"Human Drug L When synthesized into pill form, this flower can extend the life of humans by five years."	Resist:Aging
Resistance to Aging Un	Resist:Aging
Invulnerability to Aging and Disease CL1000	Resist:Aging;Resist:Disease
"Immune to Aging, Disease and Toxins CL1000"	Resist:Aging;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Immune to Poisons, Diseases and Aging CL1000"	Resist:Aging;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Resistance to Aging, Disease, Fire, Cold, Corrosives and Toxins CL3000; however, only in Asgard"	Resist:Aging;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Resistance to Aging, Disease and Toxins Un"	Resist:Aging;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Acid
Fur Pr resistance to Cold	Resist:Cold
Invulnerability to Cold CL1000	Resist:Cold
Invulnerable to Cold Un	Resist:Cold
Resist Cold Ex	Resist:Cold
Resistance to Cold In	Resist:Cold
Resistance to cold Ex	Resist:Cold
Resistance To Cold Ex	Resist:Cold
"Natural Invulnerability to space The Acanti (and their insides) are invulnerable to the cold and pressures of space. It is not known if they eat or what, but it is presumed that they somehow absorb cosmic or solar energy to sustain themselves."	Resist:Cold;Resist Pressure
"Invulnerable to Cold, Heat, Fire and Disease CL1000"	Resist:Cold;Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Disease
"Invulnerable to Cold, Heat, Fire, Radiation and Disease Un"	Resist:Cold;Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Disease;Resist:Radiation
"Immune to Spider-Sense Like all Spider-Clones, Spidercide is immune to Spider-Man's Spider-Sense. Therefore, Spidercide can blindside Spider-Man or the Scarlet Spider"	Resist:Combat Sense
Resistance to Darkness In resistance to Darkness and related attacks.	Resist:Darkness
"Disease Immunity Using his power to manipulate his muscle tissue, Electro can use high amounts of electricity to ""burn out"" forms of disease. This ability can burn out almost any disease from his body, up to and including cancer."	Resist:Disease
"Human Drug I When synthesized into pill form, this flower can act as an adaptive, universal antibiotic, granting Un resistant to bacteria."	Resist:Disease
Immune to Disease Mn	Resist:Disease
Invulnerability to Disease CL1000	Resist:Disease
Invulnerability to Diseases CL1000	Resist:Disease
Invulnerability to Earthly Diseases Sh-Y	Resist:Disease
Invulnerabilty to Disease CL1000	Resist:Disease
Invulnerable to Disease CL1000	Resist:Disease
Resist Diseases Unearthly (100).	Resist:Disease
Resist to Disease Un	Resist:Disease
Resistance to Disease Un	Resist:Disease
Resistance to Diseases Un	Resist:Disease
"Cyborg Construction Much of Midnight’s original body has been replaced with bionic components. These parts are immune to disease and have Am material strength. As these components are often interlaced with human tissue and connected to his central nervous system, he can still feel pain. This half-robot construction affords Midnight a unique form of body armor. Against attacks of Rm or less, Midnight’s Body Armor is Ex. Against attacks in excess of Rm, his Body Armor is Rm. This reflects the fact that attacks of varying intensity will do about the same amount of damage to his human tissue. Throughout his existence as a cyborg, his components have been modified several times to allow him to produce the following effects:"	Resist:Disease
Invulnerability to Disease and Cold Cl1000	Resist:Disease;Resist:Cold
"Immune to Disease, Gas, Heat, Cold and Extreme Pressure Cl1000"	Resist:Disease;Resist:Gas;Resist:Heat;Resist:Cold;Resist:Pressure
Immune to Disease and Toxin CL1000	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
Immune to Disease and Toxins Un	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
Immune to Toxins and Diseases Un	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Invulnerability to Disease and Toxins CL1000 vs. organic pathogens, Un vs. chemically creative substances."	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
Invulnerable to Disease and Toxin Un	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
Invulnerable to Metal Cannot be harmed by any weapon forged by a mortal being.	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
Invulnerable to Toxins and Disease CL1000	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Resistance to Disease, Poisons and Toxins Am"	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
Resistance to Toxins and Disease Un resistance to Disease and Toxins	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Invulnerabilities Alter Ego himself possesses CL1000 resistance to all the ravages of disease or poison, and simply does not age."	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Age
"Immunity to Poison, Disease and Gas CL1000"	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Gas
"Immunity to Poison, Disease, and Gas CL1000"	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Gas
"Immunity to Poison, Gas, and Disease CL1000"	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Gas
"Immune to Toxins, Disease, Gas and Psionics CL1000"	Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Mental
Enhanced Metabolism In resistance to drugs or alcohol.	Resist:Drugs
Enhanced metabolism In resistance to drugs or alcohol.	Resist:Drugs
Resistance to Electricity and Energy CL1000	Resist:Electrica;Resist:Energy
Resistance to Electrical Mn	Resist:Electrical
"Resistance to Electricity Mn protection from electricity, regardless of his current material strength."	Resist:Electrical
Invulnerability to Electricity CL1000 protection vs. Electricity	Resist:Electrical
"Resistance to Energy, except magic attacks CL1000"	Resist:Energy
"Resistance to Energy, Heat and Fire CL1000"	Resist:Energy;Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
"Metabolism Boost By bolstering his metabolism with cosmic energy, he does not tire from exertion."	Resist:Exertion
"Inexhaustible If defeated, they will lay as dead for 3 rounds, then rise up and begin fighting again. Karma is granted as normal for defeating them"	Resist:Exertion
Resistance to falling Up to 50 ft	Resist:Falling
Resistance to Falling Up to 50 feet	Resist:Falling
Balance fall up to 30' without damage	Resist:Falling-30
Balence fall up to 30' w/o damage	Resist:Falling-30
"Fire Resistance CL1000 resistance to fire under his control, but no resistance to flames not under his control or controled by others."	Resist:Fire
Resistance to Fire Rm	Resist:Fire
Trance Immunity to Fire	Resist:Fire
Trance - Immunity to Fire (Automatic)	Resist:Fire
Dampen Flames In ability.	Resist:Fire
"Flame/Ice Corona CL1000 resistance to Fire/Heat and Ice/Cold. He is not resistant to the physical effects of solid ice (such as loss of traction), but normal temperatures and hot and cold energy attacks have little effect on him. However, if attacked by Ex or greater intensity fire or ice simultaneously, Equinox’s thermodynamic energy erupts in a Rm Force explosion that affects everything in the area. The Flame Corona melts any material in contact with it of less than Ex material strength"	Resist:Fire;Resist:ColdCL1000
Immune to Flame and Heat Ex	Resist:Fire;Resist:Heat
Invulnerability to Fire CL1000	Resist:Fire;Resist:Heat
"Invulnerability to Heat, Fire and Cold Mn"	Resist:Fire;Resist:Heat;Resist:Cold
Immune to Gases and Toxins The field is impervious to all harmful gases and toxins while allowing Blue Shield to breathe normally.	Resist:Gas;Resist:Poison
Partial Immunity Cyclops is immune to Havok's powers	Resist:Havok
"Partial Invulnerability Cyclops cannot be hurt by the reflection of his own Optic Blast or by the energy blasts of his brother, Havok. He can be Stunned or Slammed by these beams."	Resist:Havok
Reistance to Heat Am	Resist:Heat
Resistance to Heat Mn	Resist:Heat
Resistance to Heat and Cold Am resistance	Resist:Heat;Resist Cold
Insulated Gd protection vs. Heat and Cold	Resist:Heat;Resist:Cold
Invulnerability to Heat and Cold Un	Resist:Heat;Resist:Cold
Invulnerable to Cold and Heat Un	Resist:Heat;Resist:Cold
Invulnerable to Heat and Cold CL1000	Resist:Heat;Resist:Cold
"Invulnerable to Energy, Heat and Radiation Energy damage above Un will damage the suit, and he cannot survive for long without it."	Resist:Heat;Resist:Cold;Resist:Radiation
"Invulnerable to Heat, Cold, Energy, Electricity, Radiation, Toxins, Disease and Aging Un"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Cold;Resist:Radiation;Resist:Energy;Resist:Poison:Resist:Disease;Resist:Aging
Invulnerability to Heat and Fire Un	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
Invulnerability to Heat and Flame CL1000	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
"Invulnerability to Heat, Cold, Electricity, Radiation Toxins and Diseases CL1000"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
Invulnerable to Heat and Flame CL1000	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
Invulneralbility CL1000 protection vs. Heat and Fire	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
Resistance to Fire and Heat Mn	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
Resistance to Flame and Heat Mn	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
Resistance to Heat and Fire Mn	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
Resistance to Heat and Flame Am	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire
"Resistance to Fire, Cold, Heat and Corrosives Rm"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Acid
"Resistance to Fire, Toxins and Corrosives Un, Am outside of Asgard"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Acid
"Resistance to Fire, Cold, Toxins, Corrosives and Disease Un, Am outside Asgard"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Acid;Resist:Disease
"Invulnerability to Heat, Cold, Disease, Corrosives, Toxins and Radiation CL1000"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Acid;Resist:Poison;Resist:Radiation
"Resistance to Cold, Heat, Fire and Disease In"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Disease
"Resistance to Cold, Heat, Fire, and Disease Un"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Disease
"Resistances Un resistance to Cold, Heat, Fire, and Disease. Extreme temperatures or lack of oxygen can force him to go into a coma-like hibernation state until more hospitable conditions return."	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Disease
"Resistance to Heat, Cold and Radiation Am"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Radation
"Resistance to Heat, Cold, and Radiation Mn"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Radation
"Resistance to Heat, Fire, Cold and Radiation In"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Radation
"Resistance to Heat, Cold, Fire, Disease and Radiation CL1000"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Radation;Resist:Disease
"Resistance to Fire, Cold and Toxins Un"	Resist:Heat;Resist:Fire;Resist:Poison
"Ignore Resistance He may slam or stun opponents whose Endurance is greater than his strength. He may even totally ignore the effects of armor, resistance, or invulnerability of he makes a Psyche FEAT roll."	Resist:Ignore Other
Heartless T-Ray's heart was somehow torn out by Deadpool years ago but apparently he cheated death. T-Ray is now unaffected by direct Kill results although loss of enough health may still kill him. He does however gets +3CS to Endurance regarding checks for survival.	Resist:Kill-3
"Helmet Rm protection for vision and hearing, sealed with 3 hours air supply."	Resist:Light
Resistance to Light Rm resistance to Light and related attacks.	Resist:Light
Resistance to Magic Un	Resist:Magic
Hypnotic Masking Acts as an Am Psi-Screen	Resist:Menal
"Human Drug M When synthesized into pill form, this flower can heal diseases of the mind in humans at Am rank."	Resist:mental
Immune to Psionics Rm	Resist:Mental
Immunity Am immunity to any form of memory alteration	Resist:Mental
Immunity to Possesion and other forms of control CL1000	Resist:Mental
Invulnerability to Mental attacks Mn	Resist:Mental
Mental Protection Mn vs. any mental attack	Resist:Mental
Mental Resistance Un resistance to mind control and other mental attacks.	Resist:Mental
"Mindlessness Though illusionary powers work on them, other mental powers that attack or affect the mind, such as Confussion, Fear, Mental Control and Mesmerism, do not"	Resist:Mental
Psionic Resistance Mn	Resist:Mental
Resistance to Mental Attacks Ex	Resist:Mental
Energy Pulse Mn ability to prevent psychic intrusions	Resist:Mental
Enhanced Pain Threshold Am	Resist:Pain
Resistance to Pain Rm	Resist:Pain
"Immune to Injury Am, including the explosions he creates"	Resist:Physical
Invulnerability to Physical attacks Ty	Resist:Physical
Invulnerablilty Gd resistance vs. Physical	Resist:Physical
"Resistance Ignores most physical attacks, but not Stuns and Slams."	Resist:Physical
Resistance to Impact Bones that soften to diffuse impact of up to Am ability	Resist:Physical
Resistance to Physical In resistance	Resist:Physical
Immune to all Physical and Energy Am	Resist:Physical;Resist:Energy
Invulnerability to Physical and Energy Ex	Resist:Physical;Resist:Energy
Resistance to Physical and Energy Gd	Resist:Physical;Resist:Energy
"Impervious to Attacks Scanner is impervious to Physical, Energy and Psychic attacks, but is vulnerable to light based attacks and any type of energy control that can e&#64256;ect light and holograms."	Resist:Physical;Resist:Energy;Resist:Mental
"Metabolic Resistance In, she can reboot her genetic template to withstand many pathogens and poisons"	Resist:Poison
Resist Poisons Un	Resist:Poison
Systemic Antidote Gd	Resist:Poison
"Toxin Absorption Mn, Scorpion is capable of harmlessly absorbing any known toxin"	Resist:Poison
"Resistance to Poison, Gases, Drugs and Disease Un"	Resist:Poison;Resist:Gases;Resist:Disease
"Nervous System Control Fat Cobra has complete control over his nervous system enabling him to deaden himself to pain, resist the effects of drugs or poisons, slow down the rate at which he bleeds, and slow his heart rate at Rm ability."	Resist:Poisons
"Resist Power Manipulation, Reality Manipulation CL1000"	Resist:Power Manipulation;Resist:Reality Manipulation
"Resist Power Maniuplation, Reality Manipulation CL1000"	Resist:Power Manipulation;Resist:Reality Manipulation
Sealed Systems Able to survive in the vacuum of space	Resist:Pressure
Immune to Radiation CL1000	Resist:Radiation
Invulnerability to Radiation CL1000	Resist:Radiation
"Immune to Radiation, Disease and Toxins Un"	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Invulnerability to Disease, Poison, and Radiation CL1000"	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Invulnerability to Radiation, Disease and Toxins CL1000"	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Invulnerable to Disease, Toxin and Radiation CL1000"	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison
"Invulnerability to Heat, Cold, Energy, Electricity, Radiation, Toxins and Disease CL1000"	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Fire;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Energy
"Invulnerability to Physical, Energy, Heat, Cold, Radiation, Toxins, Aging and Disease Am"	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Fire;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Energy
"Invulnerablity CL1000 resistance to Fire, Heat Cold, Radiation, Toxins and Disease"	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Fire;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Energy
"Invulnerablities Ex resistance to Physical, Heat, Cold, Radiation, Toxins, Aging and Disease. Ty resistance vs. Energy"	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Fire;Resist:Fire;Resist:Cold;Resist:Energy;Resist:Aging
"Invulnerability to Fire, Heat, Cold, Radiation, Toxins and Disease Un"	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Disease;Resist:Poison;Resist:Fire;Resist:Heat
Immunity to Heat and Radiation Mn	Resist:Radiation;Resist:Heat
"Immovability When concentrating, Stonewall is considered to be held to the ground by Rm Strength. While he is doing so, he cannot move or fight, although he can speak."	Resist:Slam
"Unmovable Bruiser can shift his center of gravity to make it more difficult to move or throw him. His Endurance increases to Am rank (no Health change) against attempts to Slam (but not Stun), throw, flip or tackle him. This FEAT also makes it harder for opponents to find leverage and Bruiser gains a +1cs to any Wresting rolls. With a Power FEAT roll on In, he can accomplish this instantly, otherwise it counts as one action/attack for that round"	Resist:Slam;Resist:Stun;Escaping
"Invulnerability to Sonics Un protection vs. Sonic, including those of his brother Banshee and niece Siryn."	Resist:Sonics
Protected Sensors Un protection vs. high-intensity Light or Sonic attack	Resist:Sonics;Resist:Light
Protected Senses In resistance to Sonics and Mind Control	Resist:Sonics;Resist:Mind Control
Sound Immunity Banshee's hearing and equilibrium are unaffected by his power or other similar abilities.	Resist:Sound
Spider-Sense Immunity Spider-Man is -2cs for dodging and evading against Venom	Resist:Spider-Sense
Spider-Sense immunity Can block Spider-Man's Spider-Sense	Resist:Spider-Sense
"High Pain Threshold Noh-Varr has the ability to shunt cerebral input from his pain receptors into his auditory complex; instead of feeling pain, he just hears music or noise. This gives him the ability to resist pain, not to mention Stun results, at his Endurance score +2cs."	Resist:Stunning-2
Environment Adaption Man-Wolf could survive in the vacuum of space	Resist:Vacuum
"Immunity to Vampires Un, Cannot become a vampire or be controled by a vampire through being bitten."	Resist:Vampires
Invulnerability to Vertigo Riptide is used to spinning. He suffers no ill effects from this.	Resist:Vertigo
"Superhuman Sense of Balance Mn Agility; Daredevil's sensory organs have such a high level of development, his inner ear, which controls the equilibrium and motion of the body, aiding him in acrobatic feats."	Resist:Vertigo
Protection from the Weather Am	Resist:Weather
"Reduce Weather Effects Am, failure will mean effects will increase"	Resist:Weather
Immunity to Spider-Man's Webbing Am to slough off Spider-Man's Webbing	Resist:Webbing
Defense Systems The Tri-Sentinel's defense systems include:	Robot
"Mekkan Physiology Torgo was the first mechanical servant, known as a ""Mekkan,"" created by the a humanoid race. His very body provides him the following:"	Robot
Other weapons Sentry can have any number of extra weapons	Robot
"Remote Control The Mark II Sentinels could be remote controlled by a human wearing a special cybernetic helmet. Sentinels under mental control take –1cs on FASE abilities. Mutants are unable to directly use such a helmet, although they could coerce or mentally control a human into doing so."	Robot
"Remote-Control Guidance The Spider-Slayer is controlled from a portable panel up to 5 miles. The controller can see, hear and speak through the robot's face."	Robot
"Robot Form In material, H.E.R.B.I.E. is the name for a series of robots built be Reed Richards to assist him. The series has a Usuform Body, which is designed to meet functional needs rather than aethetic ones. Has the following power stunts:"	Robot
Robotic Construct The Death's Head Units are robots whose very bodies gives them the following power stunts:	Robot
Robotic Contruct Executioner's body gives it the following abilities:	Robot
"Robotic Contstruct Milago scientists back-engineered a child's toy to be a direct link to the Gynosure. It contains the collective knowledge of Milago, which gives Boudicca the following abilities"	Robot
This gives the Mark IV the following power stunts 	Robot
"Swarm Thousands of Nano armors are led by a command Nano-armor. As a collective, treat them as a single entity at +2cs on all stats and powers."	Robot
"Action-Mecha Form This form is more robotic-looking in nature. Baymax's feet are equipped with jet engines capable of Flight, generating a thrust su&#64259;cient to propel him at speeds up to Mach 4 (Un airspeed). His mecha form has a Strength level of Am and In Body Armor."	Robot
"Gestalt Avenger Five is based on A.I.M.'s original Quintronic Man designs. It's a multi-user gestalt exoskeleton powered by Pod, who also serves as the linking system to connect the minds of the pilots."	Robot Exoskeleton
Nanite Body 0101 originated from the combination of a self-replicating nanite swarm and Sentinel A.I. Its very body gives it the following abilities:	Robot Usuform
Physical Decay Causes the victim's endurance to drop -1CS each turn until the character dies.	Rooting Touch
Corrosive touch Decay's touch can have similar effects on inorganic matter. It acts as if breaking inorganic materials with Un strength.	Rotting Touch
"Rotting Touch This touch causes organic materials to decay at Un rank. Decay inflicts Un damage on those he touches. In addition, this touch acts on organic material (wood, rope, cloth) as an attempt to break the item with Un strength. Resistance to corrosives will offset the effects. This power can be directed against organic (natural) Body Armor in order to weaken it, similar to the effect that claws have on inorganic body armor."	Rotting Touch
"Bands The tattoo on his left hand gives him Am Strength. The lines look similar to the banding on Colossus' flesh when he transforms, indicating a toughening of Ink's flesh to give him In protection vs. Physical and Energy."	S
"Super-Strength Alpha can enhance his Strength to Mn, Health changes with him and changes back when he uses another power"	S
Enhanced Stats +1cs to Strength	S:1
Physical Enhancement Vormund can store the energy to increase his Strength and Endurance by +1cs (Maximum of In rank).	S:1;E:1
"Battle-Dragon Form Baymax in his battle form is more powerful and imposing as he becomes a large dragon-like humanoid. The form increases his strength to Mn and gives +1cs to Intimidation. The form gives him &#64258;ight, as per his ActionMecha Form, and Rm Body Armor. Baymax in this form is +1cs to be hit."	S:1;Flight;Body Armour
"Sloth Gives her Am strength, but health does not change."	S:E
Increase Strength Increase Strength to In	S:In
Hyper-Strength temporarily gain Mn strength.	S:Mn
"Alchemical Serum Am, Due to the effects of the Alchemical Serum he drank, Nighthawk possessed superhuman strength whenever the Earth blocked from his body the direct rays of the sun. When he was forced to do battle during the day, his Fighting, Agility, Strength, and Endurance dropped to Gd rank as shown above."	S:NightOnly
"Grappling Cables Issuing from the wrists, these cables are of Rm material strength and grab targets with Am ability."	S:Rm;Grappling:Am
"Metamorph Ex, Azazel may make himself appear to be human"	Shapechange
"Handgun Gd Shooting, 5 areas"	Shooting
"Multi-chamber Rifle In Shooting, 5 area"	Shooting
"Pistol Ex Shooting, 7 areas"	Shooting
"Pistol Hands (Index Fingers) Gd Shooting, 1 area"	Shooting
"Projectile These parasites can actually shoot away from the mass and attack others at high speed, dealing Rm damage"	Shooting
Projectile Spray Barnacle is able to spray hardened particles much like a shotgun blast up to 3 areas away doing Ex Shooting	Shooting
"Projectiles Ty Shooting, 4 areas"	Shooting
Psionic Shotgun Mn Mental Bolts	Shooting
Razor Trick Shot uses this arrow for assassinations. It inflicts Rm Edge on the Shooting column with a Bullseye result being treated as a kill result.	Shooting
Shotgun Ex Shooting to all targets within 1 area.	Shooting
"Uzi Ex Shooting, Ex Shooting, 7 areas"	Shooting
Targeting Computer Provides +1cs to hit on all distance weapons and automatically allows up to 3 different targets per turn to be fired upon with no loss of accuracy.	Shooting:1
"Pulse-Bolts High-energy plasma weapons that inflict more damage at longer ranges. They have a maximum range of 10 areas, gaining 10 points of damage per area traveled. For example, they would do only Gd Energy to a target in an adjacent area and Un Energy to a target at maximum range. As these bolts travel relatively slowly, for every 4 areas the target gains a +1cs if they decide to try to dodge the attack."	Shooting:Energy
"Rail Gun Rm Shooting, 5 areas"	Shooting:Energy
"Protoplasmic Projectiles Random can transform his forearms into guns that &#64257;re hardened protoplasm that appears to be extracted from his own cells/bio-matter. These projectiles do Rm Shooting up to 5 areas away, and cost Random 5 Health every time they are used. He can regain these through his healing powers."	Shooting:H-10
"Targeting Amun can cast a spell that enhances his ability to target an individual, improving his Agility to In for the purposes of hitting a target"	Shooting:In
"Psionic Weapons Pretty Persuasions can create a varety of psionic energy weapons. Such created weapons can do up to In Physical. She usually creates a whip, which can also grapple with In Strength."	Shooting;Edged;Grappling:Energy
Diminuation CL1000	Shrinking
Diminution (Atomic Shrinkage) Un	Shrinking
"Permanent Shrinking Gd, +1CS to hit oppenents, -1CS to be hit"	Shrinking
"Shrinking In, down to 1/2 inch"	Shrinking
Shrinking (Atomic Shrinkage) Un	Shrinking
"Atomic Collapse Gd, shrinks her to 6 inches tall. Attackers are –1cs to hit. Has the following power stunts:"	Shrinking
Inaudibility Am ability to render herself completely silent or allow herself to only be heard by certain individuals	Silence
"Audiokinesis Un ability to create powerful sonic waves with his voice with which he can achieve various effects, often with the assistance of psionic abilities which function only in unison with his sonic power. He has performed the following power stunts:"	Sonic Control
Humming Pr	Sonic Control
"Hyper-Sonic Voice Rm hyper-sonic tones, inaudible to most human beings. She can perform the following power stunts:"	Sonic Control
Sonic Emission Artificial vocal cords give various power stunts	Sonic Control
Sonic Generation White Noise is able to produce hypersonic frequencies from her vocal chords. She can perform the following abilities:	Sonic Control
"Sound Generation Un, Decibel has the following power stunts:"	Sonic Control
"Sorcerer Supreme Doctor Strange is the former Sorcerer Supreme of the Earth Dimension and he may use any power as a spell at Am rank. In addition, he use the following spells"	Sorcerer Supreme
"Sound Duplication Am ability to duplicate any sound he hears. He apparently cannot change the tone, pitch, or volume of the stimulus, simply reproducing sounds exactly as he hears them. There is no audible difference between the actual sounds and those Kylun produces, so voice scans do not detect any abnormalities."	Sound Duplication
"Silk Silk’s balance allows her to walk a tightrope automatically and a slack with an Agility FEAT. Her sense of balance helps her fall up to 3 stories (30 feet) without receiving damage, provided she lands on her feet (Agility FEAT). She can prevent damage from a longer fall by grabbing and swinging off protrusions in the fall’s path every 3 stories (flagpole, lampposts, etc.) or using her Web-Shooters, as long as she keeps making Agility FEATs"	Spider-Climb
"Penance Stare A successful grapple for 1 round enables him to use the penance stare. a Psyche FEAT vs. Am intensity on the victims part is allowed. If they pass, they are cleansed of evil and are a changed person. If they fail, they loose a rank of Psyche permenantly and pass out for 1-100 rounds... If below Fe they go insane. This works only on evil and those who hurt others, unless victim already tortures themselves (i.e. Morbius) or they do not have a soul. It shows victims the pain they inflict on Sh-X"	Spirit Vampirism
"Succubus Satana is a being which extracts human souls and feeds on their psychic energy. To take the souls of men, Satana would usually kiss her victim as she drew forth their soul. To escape Satana's embrace requires a Red Psyche FEAT; failure will drain the victim of one level of Psyche. This vampiric attack continues until the victim makes their FEAT or is drained of all their Psyche, killing them."	Spirit Vampirism
"Spirit Vampirism Un ability to absorb a victim’s Psyche by means of a successful power FEAT. The victim’s Psyche is reduced -1cs and the amount lost is added to D’spayre’s Health. The victim can resist this vampiric attack by making a Red Psyche FEAT. If the victim’s Psyche is reduced to zero, he must make a roll on the Kill Table using the original Psyche rank. Success means they recover their Psyche at a rank of +1cs per hour."	Spirit Vampirism
"Stealth In, +1cs in darkness"	Stealth:1
Stealth Enchantments +3cs	Stealth:3
"Dehydrate Hydro-Man can absorb the water from a target, causing them to suffer and fall unconscious for 1-10 rounds."	Stunning
"Extending Effect Wraith can extend the transparent effect for a few minutes, which reverts his skin to normal. While inducing the effect onto another person, the victim suffers  from an Ex Stun attack."	Stunning
Generate Pain on touch Mn	Stunning
Generation Gd	Stunning
Hypodermic The victim must succeed at an Ex Endurance FEAT or be knocked out for 1-10 turns.	Stunning
M-11 Am intensity nerve toxin. Victim must make a Red Endurance FEAT vs. knocked out for 1-10 rounds	Stunning
Molecular Disruption Am ability to render targets unconscious for 2 hours	Stunning
"Nerve Jab Dom is a highly trained martial artist, his training and enhanced perceptions provide him with great accuracy, precision and reflexes. He can visually see, or otherwise sense the locations of nerve clusters and weak points in living creatures. By striking these nerve clusters, he can render enormously powerful beings unconscious. If Dom rolls a Yellow result in unarmed combat in any round, he has won Initiative by at least +7, he can attempt a nerve strike (once per round) and force his target to make an Endurance FEAT roll against Mn intensity, failure indicating that two of his targets primary (FASE) abilities are reduced by –1cs for 10 rounds. The victim must also make an Endurance check against Am rank or by knocked unconscious for 10 rounds. This technique is effective against opponents with up to Rm Body Armor. He may also call for a normal Stun check  on any successful strike if his"	Stunning
"Nerve Punch Foreigner is schooled in the pressure points on the human body. On any Red result of Slugfest, he is considered to have struck on these pressure points and his victim is unable to move for 1 round. Endurance FEATs vs. the effects of one of these nerve punches are made at -1cs"	Stunning
"Nerve Strike On a Red Fighting FEAT, Burst can strike an opponent with a finger-jab for -1cs damage, but force them to make an Endurance FEAT against In to intensity to avoid being penalized -1cs to all actions, and -2 to Initiative for 1 round (and drop any weapon their holding). Against Rm to avoid being penalized -2cs to all actions, and -4 to Initiative for 2 rounds. Against Ex to avoid being incapacitaed, conscious, but unable to take any physical action for 3 rounds and against Gd intensity to avoid being knocked unconscious for 20 minutes."	Stunning
"Neuron Firing Scatterbrain feeds off the emotions of others. One result of this hunger is that Scatterbrain can fire the neurons of another person's brain. If Scatterbrain touchs her intended victim, that victim must make an Int. FEAT vs. Un rank. A success indicates that the victim enjoys Un Cosmic Awareness for as long as Scatterbrain retains contact. Failure overloads the victim's synapses and shuts their brain down. The attack is Am and can be resisted with psychic defenses of that intensity."	Stunning
"Stingers In material, can inflict up to Ex Edge; the Stinger injects a knock-out toxin into the victim. The victim must make a Red Endurance FEAT vs. unconscious for 1-10 rounds."	Stunning
Strangulation The victim must succeed at an Endurance FEAT vs. Fogg's Strength to remain conscious. Failure indicates an automatic Stun result. Fogg also inflicts normal strength damage in addition to unconsciousness	Stunning
Stunning Scream Targets are stunned for 1-10 rounds unleass making a successful Red End. FEAT.	Stunning
"Su&#64256;ocation By controlling and removing the air from an opponent's lungs, Amelia can e&#64256;ectively su&#64256;ocate an opponent with In ability. The target of such an attack is a&#64256;orded an Endurance FEAT to avoid this attack, a failure means unconsciousness for 1-10 rounds. Should Amelia with to kill her opponent, she would need to continue with this form o&#64256; su&#64256;ocation, reducing the victim by one Endurance rank per round until the victim reaches Sh-0 at which point, the victim dies. Characters that do not require to breath are immune to such attacks."	Stunning
"Suffocation She can attack in this state by forcing her way into a character's lungs and suffocating them, causing Rm damage each round. The victim will pass out if an End. FEAT is failed."	Stunning
"Synaptic Disruptor In Psionics, 11 areas, if hit, the victim must succeed at a Psyche FEAT or be knocked out for 1-10 rounds. Psi-Screens and force fields operate against this attack."	Stunning
"Vocal Disorientation Am ability to change someone’s balance, by affecting their equilibrium using his sonic scream"	Stunning
Vocal Unconsciousness Am ability to affect the fluid in someone’s ear causing the person to go unconscious.	Stunning
"Ethyl Chloride In Knock-Out gas, affecting all targets in the same area. Failed Endurance FEAT means unconsciousness for 1-10 turns."	Stunning Area
"Gas Device In potency Knock-Out Gas, 1 area"	Stunning Area
"Gas Jets Mounted in the palms, these jets emit knockout gas of Rm intensity up to 2 areas away."	Stunning Area
Knock-Out Gas Fills 1 area. All those in the area must succeed at an In Endurance FEAT or be rendered unconscious for 1-10 turns.	Stunning Area
"Lethal Pheromones Omega Red can release a cloud of pheromones that causes people to feel ill and collapse. Anyone in the same area as Omega Red will be affected, and potential victims must succeed at an Ex intensity Endurance FEAT or be rendered unconscious for 1-10 turns. Characters with sealed systems, or who do not breath are unaffected."	Stunning Area
Microsonic Boom He can create a microsonic boom if he is grappling an opponent. This causes the opponent to roll on the “Stun” effects table with an automatic –2cs	Stunning Area
Sonics Am intensity Stun for 1-10 rounds to all within 3-area radius	Stunning Area:Sonic
Beacon Probe Can induce sleep with Am intensity in 2 areas.	Stunning Blast
"Psionic Blasts Am Psionic bolts which have no physical effects but which can affect a victim's mind, so as to cause the victim pain or unconsciousness and can even kill an adversary."	Stunning Blast
Sleep (Induced) Un	Stunning Blast
"Stun Ray Rm intensity, 3 area range"	Stunning Blast
Vacuum Cyclone can create a small vacuum large enough to suffocate a single opponent who must make an Endurance FEAT or be knocked unconscious for 1-10 rounds.	Stunning Blast
"Vertigo In ability to instill vertigo in her victims. Her victims, upon encountering her power for the first time, must make a Psyche FEAT vs. the intensity of her power or receive -4cs to all actions and become unable to stand for 1-10 rounds. Victims who have previously experienced the effects of her power receive +2cs vs. vertigo effects. Characters with Acrobatic talent may use their rank in this skill (Agility +1cs) instead of Psyche when resisting, as their inner ear imbalences (these advantages are cumulative when applicable)."	Stunning Blast:-4
"Bolts of Soulfire Mystical energy that causes excruciating pain through direct stimulation of a person's life force. The victim has to make a Yellow Psyche FEAT or pass out from the pain. Satana could also project the soulfire as concussive force that did Rm Force, up to 4 areas"	Stunning Blast:Soulfire
"Vertigo Projector This device distorts a target’s sense of balance, rendering them virtually helpless. Against a single target, its intensity is Rm. To a group of targets in the same area, its intensity drops to Gd. Targets make a Psyche FEAT versus this intensity or be knocked to the ground, unable to move or attack. A second failed Psyche FEAT means the victim is unconscious for 1-10 rounds. Its range is 3 areas."	Stunning Blast;Stunning Area
"Light Daggers Ex Energy, 5 areas, can penetrate up to Gd Body Armor. The target must make an Endurance FEAT roll against Ex intensity. Failure indicates unconsciousness for 1-100 rounds and -3cs on all FEATs by target for 3 days. Success indicates only a -1cs for 1-10 rounds. Targets hit by these light daggers are purged of foreign substances, provided these substances are not long-term mutations or alterations (no effect on Spider-Man or Captain America)."	Stunning Missile:Body Armour:Ignore
Light Form The Living Laser's entire body has been transformed into a sentinent quantity of light. The Living Laser's transformation seems to be irreversible at present. His established power stunts include:	Stunning Missile:Body Armour:Ignore
"Light Generation Dagger can generate light of Rm intensity, filling up to 2 areas. This light can stun opponents who fail an Endurance FEAT roll for 1 round, and gives those who are attacking her glowing form a -2cs to hit her. Dagger's internal ""light"" allows her to protect herself and anyone touching her from the effects of her partner Cloak's dimension of darkness."	Stunning Missile:Body Armour:Ignore
"Induce Hunger By turning her powers on people, Famine can induce extreme hunger. Her victims take Ex damage and must make a Psyche FEAT vs. Mn intensity to do anything against hunger pangs."	Stunning:Dmg:Ex
Disrupt Electrical/Electronic Systems Rm ability to disrupt speci&#64257;cally targeted electrical or electronic equipment up to a 2-area range	Stunning:Electronics
"Electrical Shock (on touch) Mn damage, knocking out his opponent for 1-10 rounds unless the opponent makes an Endurance FEAT vs. Mn intensity. Electro must successfully grapple his opponent before he may use this ability."	Stunning:Energy
Stunning and Slamming His steel hard skin allows him to Stun and Slam opponents of up to Mn Endurance	Stunning;Slamming
"Creature Creation Un ability to summon humanoid soldiers, or golems, out of organic materials that are in her vicinity. Along with this, she has the following power stunts:"	Summon
Conjure Am ability to summon an item or creature to him.	Summon
"Conjure Objects Am ability to conjure objects seemingly from thin air, the traversement of dimensions (either personally or via gateways) with Am accuracy"	Summon
Conjuring Am ability to summon his minions to his side	Summon
"Summon Allies Mn, Gryphon has used the time portals to summon several versions of Equinox at various points in time, creating an army of Equinoxs to help him."	Summon
Summon other beings Un ability to summon beings from other dimensions	Summon
Summon the Hammers of the Worthy CL3000	Summon
Summoning Gd	Summon
"Summoning and Controlling Ex ability to command bats, wolves, lesser vampires and humans"	Summon
The following powers may vary from monsters 	Summon
"Summon Brother Voodoo can summon the specter of his deceased brother, Daniel, from its dwelling place within Brother Voodoo’s body. By doing so he increases his Strength to Ex and his Health to 56. He can also send his brother’s spirit form, like an astral ities. No known time limit exists which restricts how long Daniel can remain outside his brother’s body. When Daniel ceases inhabitation of a person other than his brother, the host may suffer disorientation, nausea or trauma. Disorientation involves a -1CS to the host’s Fighting, Reason, and Psyche abilities for 1-10 rounds."	Summon:Dead Brother
Summon Demons Mn	Summon:Demons
Demon-Horde Master Pandemonium can summon 1-10 demons per round through the star-shaped hole in his chest. They have the same stats and powers as his limb demons.	Summon:Demons-1d10
"Doppelganger Creation Deacon's bite is also able to create doppelgangers. These doubles gain the Stats, Powers and Weakness of the ""typical"" vampire. The doppelganger is also able to absorb their original by touching them skin-to-skin (requiring an Agility FEAT roll). Frost could bite the doppelganger to create another doppelganger. Frost has complete control over all his doppelgangers."	Summon:Undead
Alligators Summoned to inflict Ex bite	Summon;Edged
Suspended Animation Blastaar can enter a suspended state for months and voluntarily reawaken whenever he wants	Suspended Animation
"Symbiosis A Symbiote bonds with its host. The host and the symbiote must be attacked separtally. When a target tries to attack them, They are -6cs to attack. It grants its host the following power stunts:"	Symbiote
"Symbiote Toxin is bonded with the symbiote. Toxin and the symbiote must be attacked separtally. When you try to attack them, your -6cs to attack. It has Rm resistance against attacks and has 30 health. The Symbiote can regenerate 6 points of health a round. When the symbiote fall to 0 health, it is knocked unconscious for 1-10 rounds. An offspring of Carnage's Symbiote, the Symbiote itself has the same abilities as Carnage's. The powers granted to Toxin are somewhat different."	Symbiote
"Symbiote Tendrils Am, it can stick to In strength material. When it is disconnected for the symbiote, it disolves in 5-50 minutes. It can be used to entangle or transportation(3 areas/round)"	Symbiote
"Symbiotic Expansion and Psychic Control Osborn has been shown to be capable of expanding his symbiote's mass by feeding it nutrients and mass from, for example, in a form of his Pumpkin Bombs with AM ability"	Symbiote
"Symbiotic Powers Andreas shares his power with his twin sister, Andrea Strucker. They can only use their powers when they are touching one another. He has the following powers"	Symbiote
Object Creation Red Goblin can create small weapons from his Symbiote's substance that disintegrate 1-6 rounds after creation. The damage is weapon-specific.	Symbiote
Gas Tendrils Abigail can manipulate the cloud for the purpose of lifting Am weights or attacking with power rank damage.	Telekinesis
"Gravimetric Sheath Am aura that surrounds Cable, mimicing his telekinesis, which allows him to perform the following power stunts:"	Telekinesis
"Low-Level Telekinesis Ex, Debrii is only able to move small objects over a limited range. However, she is able to move lots of them. Capable of performing the following power stunts:"	Telekinesis
"Prehensile Hair Rm ability to use her hair like a series of tiny tentacles. The power is telekinetic in nature; despite its ability to move, her hair is almost identical to normal human hair. However, it is 12 feet long and more resilient than normal (Rm material strength). She has mastered the following power stunts"	Telekinesis
Pressor Beam Cyclops can also use his optic blasts as a pressor beam firing it at low power to support up to 500 lbs. though such a use still inflicts Ty damage upon the object supported.	Telekinesis
"Psychokinesis Mn, able to manipulate materials, though she only willingly affects materials up to Rm rank. This is sufficient to cause a hero's costume or hair to constrict or bind (a Wrestling hold at costume's material rank, maximum of Rm)."	Telekinesis
Support Structures as if In Strength.	Telekinesis
"Tactile Telekinesis Am, Molly's mutant power allows her to psionically increase her physical strength to match her Psyche at Am rank. As she is young and inexperienced with her power, she can only do so for short amounts of time. After ever use of her strength she must make a Red End FEAT vs. being rendered exhausted. Has the following power stunts"	Telekinesis
Telekinesis Sh-Z rank and range	Telekinesis
Telekinetic Aura Mn ability to possess powerful telekinetic extensions of oneself.	Telekinesis
Telekinetics Un	Telekinesis
Transport Columns Create transport columns with Fe airspeed. Up to total weight of 10 tons carried	Telekinesis
"Transport Disc Wiccan is able to carry up to 5 people on this disc, flying at Ex airspeed"	Telekinesis
"Warp Beams Sleepwalker can manipulate material objects with beams that shoot from his eyes. He can alter the material strength of an object by +2cs or –2cs, and manipulate objects as if he had Mn Telekinesis. He typically uses this power to ensnare his opponents. He has vowed never to use this against a living opponent, so it is unknown what this would do to organic material"	Telekinesis
Brain-Scanner Helmet In mental probe	Telepathy
"Chemical Communication Acts much like telepathy, Nymphs are able to communicate and understand other languages with Am ability"	Telepathy
Essence Reading Am ability to see the true essence of whomever he looks upon.	Telepathy
Limited Mind-Scanning Sister Dream can freely scan the surface thought of anyone with Rm or lower Psyche. She must make a Red FEAT roll to scan the thoughts of someone with a better than Rm Psyche. Any target whose thoughts have been scanned by Sister Dream receives a -1cs to any attempt to resist her Hypnotic Gaze.	Telepathy
"Limited Telepathy Gd, Used for telepathic speech"	Telepathy
"Math Telepath Mathemanic is a genius mathematician who now has telepathic powers. He psionically attacks by projecting abstract mathematical information into his victim’s brain with In intensity. Each round that the victim is unable to make a Psyche FEAT roll vs. this power, the victim is overwhelmed by the information and cannot take any actions."	Telepathy
"Memory Alteration Blindspot is able to selectively remove, restore or implant memories within the human mind of any experience or timespan with Am ability, ranging from hours to years."	Telepathy
Memory Control Sinister can enter a person’s mind and fill it with false memories. She can also destroy a person’s memory to the point of wiping the victim’s mind clean of any memory or personality.	Telepathy
Memory Erasure Am	Telepathy
Memory Modification Rm	Telepathy
"Mental Abilities (non-magical) Loki has a form of telepathy, in which he can perform the following power stunts:"	Telepathy
Mental Amnesia Am ability to cause loss of particular memories and amnesia in another person or even in a group of people	Telepathy
"Mind Link Am ability to develop a mental link with any person, which remains as a connection to that individual"	Telepathy
Mind Lock Arthur can lock another person's mind in stasis where the person cannot perform any actions nor are they aware of the passing of time. For this power to work the target must first be touched by Artie telepathically. Artie must make a psyche FEAT roll against the target's Psyche each round he wishes to maintain a stasis lock.	Telepathy
Mind Probe Am	Telepathy
Mind Reading Rm	Telepathy
"Mind Reading and Mental Probe Device In the absence of a true telepath, Milan created a device that allowed him to probe the mind and read the thoughts of captives with Am ability. This could be connected to his cybernetic glasses."	Telepathy
Mind Scan CL1000	Telepathy
Mind-Links Able to mind-link with the rest of the Micronauts that have only lasted a short period of time.	Telepathy
"Omega-Level Telepathy Un ability to organize and construct his thoughts at accelerated rates. Quentin's psychic powers are deep, subtle and he's able to influence minds around him. He can also perform the following power stunts:"	Telepathy
"Omnipath Sh-Z telepathy, It is so powerful that he can hear the thoughts of every being on the planet. However, he cannot block the thoughts out, and thus his mind is constantly filled with six billion voices unless he is able to greatly concentrate on a distraction. If he is not, he must make a Red Psyche FEAT vs. unable to concentrate on a single task. He has the following power stunts:"	Telepathy
Project Thought Mn	Telepathy
"Psi-Scan In, his powers fail if he cannot read his victim's mind."	Telepathy
Psionic CL1000	Telepathy
Psionic Access In ability to psionically access others’ memories at will	Telepathy
Psionics 	Telepathy
Read Minds Mn	Telepathy
"Rewire Rm ability to ""rewire"" brains to cure mental illnesses, such as schizophrenia"	Telepathy
"Telepathic Communication CL1000 ability to communicate telepathically (not read minds), breaching dimensions."	Telepathy
Telepathy Sh-X rank and range	Telepathy
Thought Projection Am	Telepathy
Thought-Casting Am	Telepathy
"Twin Lightning Bolts The two lightning bolt tattoos on his head give him the ability to read minds with In ability, but can be blocked by psi-shields."	Telepathy
Visionary Thought Projection Mn ability to encamps individuals around him directly into whatever glimpses of whats to come onto them. Making them see feel and all around experience what he sees around the bend.	Telepathy
Mental Abilities The Apprentice has shown that he is very adept at using psychic abilities such as the following:	Telepathy
"Mental Powers Alpha possesses many Mental abilities, demonstrated to be of vast power. These include:"	Telepathy
Psionic Abilities Ajak is capable of the following psionic abilities:	Telepathy
Psionic Powers Morpheus has developed powerful psionic abilities including the following	Telepathy
Telepathic Defense She can manifest her telepathy in a number of defensive ways:	Telepathy
Empathic Link Sh-X link with Doctor Minerva	Telepathy:Link
"Medium Am, Kale can communicate with the spirit of Dakimh with a successful Psyche FEAT roll (In)"	Telepathy:Link
Psionic Link the Kleinstocks are psi-linked to one another and have a Rm mind-bond. They read each others thought and feel each others emotions	Telepathy:Link
Psionic Rapport Am	Telepathy:Link
"Telepathic Link with the Orphan Am, Dreamguard can sense Orphan's creations and help Orphan use its powers without endangering others"	Telepathy:Link
"Telepathically Linked to E.V.A. Am, whenever E.V.A. is traumatized or injured, Fantomex feels the same pain. Fantomex is also able to see from E.V.A.'s perspective."	Telepathy:Link
"Outer Nervous System Fantomex and E.V.A. share the same nervous system, and only one is capable of real consciousness and complicated action at any given moment. When Fantomex is active, E.V.A. is normally silent and is basically just a vehicle ; when Fantomex is unconscious or transfers control to her, E.V.A. is capable of the full range of motion, activity and speech of a human. They are capable of switching back and forth in a very quick and very coordinated fashion"	Telepathy:Link
"Vampiric Telepathy Am ability to communicate with other vampires, sense one another, and even hypnotize there victims with a limited form of vampiric telepathy."	Telepathy:Vampires
"Victim Telepathy Dracula could communicate telepathically with any individual from whom he had drained blood, anywhere in the world."	Telepathy:Victim
Speed Teleport Blink has an initiative of 1d10+8 when using her teleport power.	Teleport:Initiative8
Travel Un ability to travel through any communication line.	Teleport:Telecommunications
"Teleport Can enter the darkforce dimension and teleport up to one mile with Rm accuracy. May take up to 3 individuals with her. Cannot perform any other action during round of teleport. Anyone attacking is at +2cs, as transit is very disorienting, even to Darkstar. It takes an entire round to open a portal to the darkforce dimension that she uses for teleport."	Teleportation
Teleport Discs Am ability to control and summon the teleportation discs common in Limbo. She uses them to teleport to Limbo and then instantly to any other location. She must however make a Psyche FEAT otherwise she can be displaced in place or even in time. When the roll is failed a second roll must be made	Teleportation
Teleport Others CL5000 range	Teleportation
"Teleport Pins She can charge the pins with some of here blinking power to teleport someone away at Am ability or even deadlier to Blink, the pins a short distance inside a person, which does In damage."	Teleportation
Teleport Self Fe ability to teleport himself up to 2 miles per jump.	Teleportation
Teleportation Am	Teleportation
Teleportion Mn	Teleportation
Teleprojection Rm ability to project a visual representation of what he reads from a person's thoughts or memories.	Teleportation
"Transubstantiation/teleportation This allows Amelia to transport herself as well as others whom she has transformed into mist over vast distances. The distances she can travel are unrevealed, but has so far be able to travel several hundred miles. The teleportation at both ends is accompanied by an ambient mist and sometimes a bright &#64258;ash. -Am ability to teleport herself and others at least several hundred miles away."	Teleportation
"Warp Mn ability to create space warps, covering power rank distance"	Teleportation
"Wormhole Un, Moonstone has the ability to open wormholes to teleport herself and others several miles at a time."	Teleportation
"Gateway Un, must be connected with a real doorway"	Teleportation
"Gateways These flowers grow to create a portal from its location to its twin on Krakoa. These gateways can be programmed to exclude individuals and are currently keyed to only allow mutants entry. This proved easily fooled; however, such as when humans used the flayed skin of Domino to convince Krakoa they were mutants."	Teleportation
"Disappearing Through an unknown means, Animus can disappear. This is not thought to be Invisibility, but rather some sort of Movement power such as Teleportation. His corporal form seems to fade away when he uses this ability."	Teleportation
"Hyper-Teleportation Quantum has the power to occupy multiple positions in space at nearly the same In effect, he can teleport with great rapidity back and forth among many different locations, remaining in one spot for a mere fraction of a second. Due to the phenomenon of persistence of vision, a human observer sees Quantum appear in many different positions simultaneously, and may mistakenly assumed that Quantum has created duplicates of himself. Though he possesses this ability at Mn rank, Quantum can teleport himself only a maximum of six inches away from his previous position."	Teleportation
Hyperspatial Stargates Un	Teleportation
"Limited Teleportation (Gateway) For most of his career, Doorman's signature power were a limited form of teleportation that allowed others (but usually not himself) to pass through barriers, walls and such with In ability. To do this he has to stand against the wall or barrier, thus becoming a living door for others to pass through. This sounds like Phasing, but is actually Teleportation, as his body becomes one end of a darkforce wormhole. He's learned how to use this as the following power stunts:"	Teleportation
Portal Creation Rm	Teleportation
Portals Un ability enabling instantaneous travel to any point Nightmask can think of. The range so far can currently stem to different points in the multiverse and just as easily travel from Earth to Mars.	Teleportation
Specialized Teleport (Summon Weapons) Un	Teleportation
"Tachyon Manipulation Glorian's major power is his ability to travel by creating a ""Rainbow Bridge"" of tachyons. With it he can carry himself and anyone else he wishes at CL3000 speeds. While travelling, Glorian and his passengers do not require food, water, air, or livable temperatures."	Teleportation
Water Teleportation Am ability to open gateways on surfaces of water that can transport herself and several others across great distances.	Teleportation
"Limbo When the Space Phantom duplicates someone, they are banished to Limbo for as long as the Space Phantom wishes to duplicate them."	Teleportation
Shadow Manipulation In ability to disappear and travel through areas of darkness	Teleportation:Darkness
Shadow Teleport since 'joining' the Crimson Dawn she has acquired the power of shadow-teleportation at In rank.	Teleportation:Darkness
Electrical Travel Un ability to travel through electrical appliances such as going through a light bulb and exiting through any other electronic device connected to the power source.	Teleportation:Electrical
"Chronokinesis Am ability to slow down the flow of time, perhaps psionically."	Time Control
"Future Propulsion His molecular speed that he generates displaces him out of the mainstream time/space so that he is able to propel himself into the future. He can leap from an hour to up to twelve days, and remain for several minutes to several hours before being recalled to his present time once his body tires, or he can return at will before his time is up. As he returns from his trip, he returns the exact moment he left so as to appear that he has been gone for half a nano-second."	Time Control
"Stop Time Sway is able to stop time within 1 area with In ability. She can stop certain targets, like attackers"	Time Control
"Time Control CL1000, has the following power stunts:"	Time Control
Time Manipulation In	Time Control
Time Portal Un ability to create time portals. Gryphon has used his time portals to perform the following power stunts:	Time Control
"Time Portals Mn ability to open gateways in time, he must drain lifeforce for the portals to open, for every person drained 1 person can pass though. The portals are one way, trying to pass through the wrong way results in the traveler having his body terribly misshapen."	Time Control
"Time Travel Pr ability to affect up to five targets including himself. Beast is not able to travel to the past of his own timeline, although the past timelines he can travel to may be so similar as to be virtually indistinguishable."	Time Control
"Time Twisting Mn ability to cause time to move at different rates for different subjects/ To date, her single Power Stunt allows her allies to move faster than their foes. This has the following effects:"	Time Control
Time Warp able to teleport people through time and space	Time Control
"Localized Time Manipulation Un ability to can slow down the movement of time around him, but remains unaffected by the slow down. Gabriel is able to perform the following power stunts:"	Time Control
Alter Time-flow Un ability to alter the rate at which time passes in her bubble. She can decelerate it to such a point that the affected area is apparently in stasis or accelerate it over 100 times the speed.	Time Control:100
"Chemical Tracer If a target is spray with this chemical, Mark VIII can track it up to Sh-Z range."	Tracking
Extradimensional Tracking In ability to track extradimensional vibrations	Tracking
Interminensional Tracking Am ability to track beings across dimensional planes.	Tracking
Telepathic Tracking Mn ability to track other sentient beings by their unique psionic emanations (thought patterns contained in the psionic portion of the spectrum) especially if they pose a threat to her well-being in her immediate vicinity.	Tracking
Tracking Psionically track their quarry with Am ability	Tracking
Tracking  Ex	Tracking
Tracking Ability In	Tracking
Tracking by Scent Gd	Tracking
Tracking Sense Rm	Tracking
Tracking System Track an electronic tracer up to 5 miles away	Tracking
Psychic Sense Un ability to track Thanos	Tracking:Thanos
Tunnel Armadillo can burrow through Ex material at 1 area/round (Fe speed)	Hyper-Digging
"Tunneling Using his powerful claws, Litterbug can burrow through Rm material. He moves at the rate of 1 area/round"	Hyper-Digging
Tunneling Device In digging	Hyper-Digging
Ultimate Skill (Martial Arts) Un	Ultimate Skill:Martial Arts
Animal Transformation A vampire may change its shape into either a bat or wolf with Ex ability.	Undead
Undead Jasper Sitwell is now a zombie. The nature of his return has yet to be determined. This gives him the following abilities:	Undead
"Unliving State Headpool does not feel pain, except for the hunger, and as such can even suffer dismemberment without even slowing down. As such, he cannot be killed through conventional means, such as complete molecular destruction or full destruction of the brain. The brain is the key component that drives the infected, and it must be completely destroyed to stop the infected."	Undead
"Vampire Physiology Carpathian is a vampire, whose body resembles more of a humanoid bat. His very body provides him with the following abilities:"	Undead
"Vampirism Rm ability to absorb the lifeforce of a victim. Victims can resist this effect by making a Psyche FEAT. Success means the victim repels Bloodscream's attack or resists his powers. Victim's are withered to a mummy-like state as they bleed uncontrollably from whatever point Bloodscream touches. A victm may survive by means of an End FEAT or if Bloodscream purposefully leaves them alive. Victims are left with a red scar in shape of Bloodscream's handprint, mutants are immune to this scarring. He has the following power stunts when he drains his victims:"	Undead
Deceased Dead Girl is physically deceased and can perform the following power stunts:	Undead
"Hunger At any time, Headpool can try to resist the hunger, by making a series of Red Psyche FEATs. The first FEAT is to stop from devouring, requiring a Red Psyche FEAT at -2cs."	Undead
Beast Physiology Sarge is a dog-like vampire. Sarge's very body gives him the following abilities:	Undead
Dance Dansen Macabre's powers come from her Dance of Death. The dance has the following effects:	Undead
Vegetable Form Boy-Thing was a creature that was grown by the Shadow Colonel when he stole a trimming off of the being known as Man-Thing during a trip to the Everglades in Florida. As such it has the following abilities:	Vegetable
"Mobile Flying Base A flying HQ with Ex Control, Sh-Z Body, Mn Speed and Am Protection. This base radiated Rm intensity light as well."	Vehicle
"Pseudo-Bulimia  It's not really a power, just an aspect of it. After bulking up, Ashley aquires about 1000+ pounds of excess body mass. To shed this, she needs to... well... vomit. It's not pleasant to see or do, so she hasn't let anyone know about it. She will usually try to quietly slip into a restroom to do this."	Vomit
"Wall Crawling Rm, 2-areas per round"	Wall-Crawling
Wall Running 300 feet with a 500-foot approach	Wall-Crawling
Wall-Crawling Am	Wall-Crawling
Wall-Running 700 ft. with 500 ft. approach	Wall-Crawling
Wall-Walking Mn ability to walk over vertical surfaces with ease.	Wall-Crawling
Gills Anaconda is equipped with artificial gills that allow her to breathe freely both above and below water.	Water Breathing
Underwater Breathing Darwin will form gills after being submerged in water	Water Breathing
Water Breathing A-Bomb is able to breathe on land as well as underwater	Water Breathing
Water Breathing or Air Breathing Amphibion is an amphibious reptilian that is able to survive on land and water. He also has gills for underwater breathing.	Water Breathing
Water Freedom Suffers no penalties in underwater combat	Water Breathing
"Water-Adaptability Deplhis can remain under water for up to 1 hour without suffering ill effect. His F,A and S are +1CS in under water combat"	Water Breathing
Water-Breathing Able to breathe water for up to an hour	Water Breathing
Water/Air Breathing Manowar can breathe in water as well as on land.	Water Breathing
"Water Speaking Ex, Squid-Boy is able to talk underwater and have people understand him."	Water Breathing
Water Adaption She can breathe underwater and swim at Gd speed	Water Breathing;Swimming
"Hydrokinesis Bloodtide can mentally control water in her surrounding area with Am ability and range, creating walls and columns and shape water with her will. She can perform the following power-stunts:"	Water Control
Hydrokinetic Control Am control over water within a 5 area radius. Has the following power stunts:	Water Control
Water Control Am	Water Control
"Water Control and Generation Sh-X, he has all power stunts."	Water Control
Water Generation Hydron can generate an infinite supply of water within his body. He can release it through the nozzle covering his left hand.	Water Control
"Water Manipulation With the power of Aquarius, Zodiak has limited control over water with Gd ability"	Water Control
"Rain Am ability to create a deluge of rain, as per Elemental Creation"	Water Creation
"Adaptive A.I. The programming 0101 derives from is a type of ""sub-luminal"" A.I. which can learn from previous experiences. +1cs against an opponent after 3 rounds of analysis. This data can be stored for future use against the same opponent"	Weakness Detection
Individual Files Ultron is +2cs when combating other if they have a file within his computer mind.	Weakness Detection
"Mental Probe In, by anticipating what her opponent is going to do Betsy gets +2cs on her attacks, dodges or evasions. Every round she must make a power FEAT vs. the opponent's Psyche so people with a Psyche higher than Am are immune."	Weakness Detection
"Sage may also use this ability to analyze tactical information to better formulate strategies against multiple opponents with great speed. This allows her to extend the above benefits to her allies (anyone she is linked with in a karma pool) instead of herself, provided she herself is not being threatened by combat. (She usually does this from a command center-like position monitoring the situation from afar and relating information to her teammates)."	Weakness Detection
Sunlight causes Fb damage each turn in the sun	Weakness Detection
Weakness Detection Un	Weakness Detection
Weakness Perception Mn ability to pinpoint weak spots in machines and people	Weakness Detection
"Logic Center Un, Danger can track, analyze, anticipate and engage multiple targets in any combat situation almost instantaneously and then advise on the optimal course of action. May make defensive actions if she make a successful power FEAT. Intuition remains same in battle."	Weakness Detection:Area
Summoning Thunderstorms Requires a Red Psyche FEAT roll that leaves Dracula unable to use other vampiric abilities for 1-10 hours.	Weather Control
"Weather Control Anitun is able to call upon rain, lightning and wind at Am rank. Her control can be used in numerous ways:"	Weather Control
"Weather Manipulation Katu has the unconscious ability to control atmospheric condition in the immediate area, (up to 5 miles) with Ex ability. This is a more unconscious ability re&#64258;ecting his moods. While not overtly powerful, this power was enough to get the attention of regional military commanders that sent a unit to investigate that included the mutant Omega Red. Had Katu tried to develop these powers, he could have been nearly as powerful as the X-Man Storm."	Weather Control
Weather Prediction Am	Weather Control
Atmokinesis Mn ability to manipulate weather patterns on a variety of scales. She has demonstrated the following abilities:	Weather Control
Inter-Atmospheric Energy Control Katu possesses the ability to control atmospheric energy with the following e&#64256;ects:	Weather Control
"Fuzzball Special Squirrel Girl tosses Tippy-Toe just as she leaps, allowing the squirrel to to leap a full space in combat."	
00 1d10 years	
01-50 1d10 x 10 yards distance	
51-75 1d10 x 100 yards distance	
75-90 1d10 hours	
91-99 1d10 days	
Costume Silk has had practice creating a costume from her webbing in a pinch	
F Ty6 A	
Faralloh Ex	
Health 26 Karma	
Heatlh 110 Karma	
Immune So far only two people have proven to be immune to his powers	
Permenent Powers 	
?	
